A Review and Conceptual Framework for Understanding Personalized Matching Effects in Persuasion Jacob D. Teeny Northwestern University Joseph J. Siev The Ohio State University Pablo Bri~nol Universidad Aut onoma de Madrid Richard E. Petty The Ohio State University Invited and Accepted by Angela Lee, Associate Editor One of the most reliable and impactful methods for enhancing a persuasive appeal is to match an aspect of the proposal (i.e., its content, source, or the setting in receiving it. This personalized matching in persuasion (also izing) comprises a robust and growing literature. In the sive matches, the primary characteristics of people who underlying the impact of matching. Importantly, although cluded that matching is good for persuasion, we also negative (i.e., “backﬁre”) effects. That is, more than researchers have drawn, we analyze when and why it is which it is delivered) to an aspect of the consumer called tailoring, targeting, customizing, or personal- present review, we describe different types of persua- are targeted, and the key psychological mechanisms most research on personalized matching has con- describe and explain instances where it has produced just the conclusion “matching is good” that many good and when and why it can be ineffective—insight that can beneﬁt marketers and consumers alike in understanding how personally matched appeals can impact attitudes and ultimately behavior. Keywords Attitudes and persuasion; affect and communication emotion; goals and motivation; personality; Introduction Today, modern technology allows one of the most effective methods of persuasion to be implemented relatively easily—personalizing messages to the audience. This technique was ﬁrst recorded by Aris- totle (Rhetoric, 1.11), and centuries later, a prodi- gious number of studies have shown that whether the personalization comes through the content of the persuasive appeal, the source of the appeal, or the setting in which the appeal is delivered, “matching” some aspect of the communication to some aspect of the recipient is one of the most reli- able and impactful methods of enhancing persua- sion (Carpenter, 2012; Noar et al., 2007; Petty et al., 2000; Rothman et al., 2020). As companies gain increased access to consumers’ public as well as private information, creating matched appeals has become more actionable than ever. Although matching has a long history in the marketing, health, political, communications, and social psychological literatures, social media and the online revolution have made it an increasingly important topic of contemporary research and dis- cussion (Dijkstra, 2008). With an abundance of data on every active internet user, the potential to create messages matched to consumers’ personal charac- teristics has produced some remarkable effects. For example, several analysts report that the use of U.S. voters’ personal data to match online appeals to their personality traits helped inﬂuence the result of the 2016 U.S. presidential election (Rathi, 2019). Indeed, with algorithms becoming increasingly accurate in assessing consumers’ characteristics, and the ease with which artiﬁcial “bots” can then use this information to send out matched messages, consumers’ personal data are now regarded by some as “the world’s most valuable resource” Received 27 November 2019; accepted 1 September 2020 Available online 15 October 2020 The authors thank members of the Group for Attitudes and Persuasion at Ohio State for feedback on earlier versions of this paper. The authors have no conﬂicts of interest to report regard- ing this review. Correspondence concerning this article should be addressed to Richard E. Petty, Distinguished University Professor of Psychol- ogy, 1835 Neil Avenue, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH 43210, USA. Electronic mail may be sent to petty.1@osu.edu. © 2020 Society for Consumer Psychology All rights reserved. 1057-7408/2021/1532-7663/31(2)/382–414 DOI: 10.1002/jcpy.1198

(Parkins, 2017). Thus, the present time seems ideal for a review aimed at illuminating when and espe- cially why matched appeals can be so effective. To begin, it is ﬁrst useful to identify the four classic factors of a persuasion context: the recipient of the communication, the message itself, the source of the message, and the setting in which the mes- sage is delivered (Lasswell, 1948; McGuire, 1969). Matching is a procedure whereby one of these fac- tors aligns with another. Perhaps the most common form of matching—and the focus of this review—is an alignment between some aspect of the message recipient and one of the other factors, which we refer to as personalized matching. This type of “matching to people” has also been called segment- ing, customizing, targeting, and tailoring (e.g., Haw- kins et al., 2008; Webb et al., 2013). It is important to emphasize that personalized matching is only one form that can occur. For example, instead of matching the source to the recipient (e.g., a female source delivering a message to a female audience), the source might be matched in some way to the message itself (e.g., a female source delivering a message using female-relevant metaphors). In this latter form of matching, because no information about the recipient is involved, we label it nonpersonalized matching. In our review, we focus on personalized matching, not only because this is the most common form examined in the liter- ature, but also because this type of matching serves as the prototypical one employed by marketers. Figure 1 provides a summary and structure of the ensuing review. We ﬁrst unpack the various ways in which personalized matches can be pro- duced, describing various types of personalized matches that have shown effects. We then describe the positive and negative meanings these matches can assume. We subsequently organize the various mechanisms by which matching can inﬂuence atti- tudes within a classic framework for persuasion effects—the elaboration likelihood model (ELM; Petty & Cacioppo, 1986). Finally, we describe how marketers can come to expect whether a match will produce short-term or long-term persuasion conse- quences as a function of the process through which the match operates. Although these sections com- bine to provide a comprehensive examination of documented matching effects and their relevant processes, throughout this review we also present potential avenues for future research, highlighting not only when matching can be effective, but also when it can be counterproductive. Although the present review is intended to be comprehensive, it is not exhaustive. We offer an illustrative review of studies taken largely from the psychological, consumer, and marketing literatures. Because the relevant body of work on matching is vast, however, we cannot cover everything of potential interest in these disciplines, let alone beyond them. Nonetheless, the present work does not restrict itself to a speciﬁc consumer characteris- tic (e.g., matching the functional basis of an atti- tude; Carpenter, 2012) nor to a speciﬁc content domain (e.g., matching in health domains; Rothman et al., 2020; Lustria et al., 2013). Moreover, it is the ﬁrst to propose a general framework for under- standing the wide variety of consumer characteris- tics shown to elicit personalized matching effects and the core psychological processes underlying them. Personalized Matching In organizing our review, we categorize the rele- vant work by the persuasion factor that was matched to a characteristic of the recipient: (a) the message content, (b) the source of the message, and (c) the setting (context) in which the message was delivered. Because the literature on personalized matching generally shows that it enhances persua- sion, the following sections outline the diverse vari- ables that have produced these positive persuasion effects. Later, we outline when and why matching can backﬁre. Message-to-Recipient Matches The most common type of personalized match- ing examined in the literature occurs between the message content and the recipient where some aspect of the message is made to align with a tem- porary or chronic aspect of the recipient. Some research, however, has shown it is also possible to modify the recipient’s momentary state to match the message (e.g., via priming; Bayes et al., 2020; Li, 2016; Loersch et al., 2013; Wheeler et al., 2008). Creating message-to-person matches can be as sim- ple as using the individual’s name in the address of the appeal (Howard & Kerin, 2011; Sahni et al., 2018). These minimal matches have been referred to as placebo tailoring because customization is implied without changing the substance of the appeal (Webb et al., 2005). Matching can also be more encompassing such as when the message includes multiple personal characteristics including the per- son’s name along with age, brand of product used, and so forth (Dijkstra, 2005), or describes multiple Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

relevant behaviors in which the person has previ- ously engaged (Kreuter & Wray, 2003). Research has identiﬁed a wide array of recipient variables to which a message can be matched. Below, we organize these characteristics into the following categories: individuals’ affective and cogni- tive states, their goals and motivational orientations, their attitude bases and functions, their identities and personality, and their cultural orientation. The cate- gories are arranged from relatively low- to more high-level characteristics, which we further subdi- vide based on a structure largely devised for orga- nizational convenience. Matching to Affective and Cognitive States People regularly experience both transient and longer-term affective states (i.e., feelings/emotions) and cognitive states (e.g., thinking styles/mind- sets). Depending on the context, different affective and cognitive states will be more or less salient (cf., Grigorenko & Sternberg, 1995; Keltner & Lerner, 2010), making them more or less viable targets for matched appeals. Psychological Arousal. One aspect across indi- viduals’ affective states is their degree of psychologi- cal arousal (i.e., the subjective sense of energy mobilization; Teeny et al., 2020). When consumers experience higher levels of arousal, they respond more favorably to messages containing more arous- ing content (e.g., louder advertisements; Yan et al., 2016; or ads touting exciting rather than relaxing attributes; Rucker & Petty, 2004). Moreover, mes- sages promoting products that are themselves matched to arousal levels (e.g., energy drinks for high-arousal consumers) produce similar outcomes (Di Muro & Murray, 2012). Two types of arousal have been identiﬁed (i.e., energetic vs. tense; Teeny et al., 2020), and persuasive attempts for products matched to the motivational drive associated with each can enhance attitude change (Fan et al., 2015). Emotive Valence and Speciﬁc Emotions. Research depicts individuals’ more complex affective states through a combination of their existing arousal and emotive valence (cf., Russell, 2009), and matching the message’s frame to that valence (i.e., the broad pos- itivity or negativity of the person’s affective state) can enhance persuasion. For example, focusing a message on the positive aspects of making the pur- chase (vs. the negatives of not making the pur- chase) work better for people in a positive (vs. negative) affective state—and vice versa (Cho & Choi, 2010; Wegener et al., 1994). Because valence itself is a binary dimension, though, targeting the speciﬁc emotion elicited by the combination of the Figure 1. Depiction of persuasion processes for matching effects at different levels of message elaboration. Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

person’s valence and arousal can produce even more precisely targeted appeals. Whether the per- son is feeling romantic or fearful (Griskevicius et al., 2009), sad or angry (DeSteno et al., 2004), or cheerful or tranquil (Bosmans & Baumgartner, 2005), personalizing messages to speciﬁc emotional states can enhance persuasion. For example, if a person is feeling sad, pointing to the sad (rather than angering) consequences that a product could allay could improve the appeal’s effectiveness. Active Thinking Style or Mind-set. As with affect, matching the content of the message to con- sumers’ salient cognitive states can enhance persua- sion. For example, using more abnormal (vs. normal) appeals for those in a creative mind-set (Yang et al., 2011) and using arguments that emphasize competence (vs. warmth) for those in a high (vs. low) power mind-set (Dubois et al., 2016) have been shown to increase effectiveness. Addi- tionally, using metaphors that match consumers’ cognitive representation of the advocated topic (e.g., advertising antidepressants with metaphors that describe depression as “feeling down” for those who cognitively represent depression as “down” vs. “up”) can enhance persuasion (Keefer et al., 2014; Landau et al., 2018). Psychological Construal. Construal level refers to the extent to which a consumer is in an abstract mind-set (i.e., focused on objects’ superordinate and central features) versus a concrete mind-set (i.e., focused on objects’ subordinate and speciﬁc fea- tures; see Trope and Liberman (2010) for a review). Accordingly, receiving a message focused on the abstract desirability (vs. the concrete feasibility) of a product can produce more positive outcomes for those in an abstract (vs. concrete) mind-set (e.g., Fujita et al., 2008; Han et al., 2016). Similarly, when a person in an abstract mind-set receives a message framed in terms of distant beneﬁts, or a person in a concrete mind-set receives one framed in terms of more proximal beneﬁts, persuasion is enhanced (Jeong & Jang, 2015; see also Wan & Rucker, 2013). Related research extends the construal-matching phenomenon to the resource being requested: requests of time (a more abstract resource) for peo- ple in abstract mind-sets and requests of money (a more concrete resource) for people in concrete mind-sets (MacDonnell & White, 2015). Other research has extended it to the type of product being marketed, too (i.e., eco-friendly products are more appealing to consumers in abstract vs. con- crete mind-sets, because protecting the environment is a relatively abstract, future-focused initiative; Reczek et al., 2018). Matching to Goals and Motivational Orientations Consumers vary in their salient goals (i.e., desired endpoints; Fishbach & Ferguson, 2013) as well as their broader motivational orientations (i.e., the strategy to pursue goals; Bargh et al., 2010). Dif- ferent situational and dispositional factors will make certain goals or motivational orientations more or less salient (cf., Bargh et al., 2010; Moskow- itz & Gesundheit, 2009), which, once known, can be targeted for enhancing one’s persuasive appeal. Visceral Drives. The most basic goals con- sumers are driven to satisfy are their visceral drives (e.g., hunger and fatigue; Loewenstein, 1996). These psychobiological needs, though transitory, can be targeted. When an appeal is matched to a con- sumer’s salient drive (e.g., the energizing beneﬁts of a product are emphasized to tired consumers), it can enhance the appeal’s effectiveness (Karremans et al., 2006; Risen & Critcher, 2011). Hedonic and Utilitarian Purchasing Goals. In a marketing context, one particularly important vari- able is consumers’ purchasing goals: whether they are shopping for hedonic (i.e., pleasure-based) ver- sus utilitarian (i.e., functionality-based) products (cf., Abelson & Prentice, 1989). Those with hedonic goals respond more favorably to advertisements emphasizing hedonic beneﬁts (e.g., a candle’s aro- matic and relaxing effects), whereas those with util- itarian goals respond more favorably to utilitarian beneﬁts (e.g., a candle’s cleansing or bug repellent effects; Chitturi et al., 2008; Klein & Melnyk, 2014). Other work has also shown how speciﬁc types of message content, such as assertive (vs. nonassertive) claims for hedonic (vs. utilitarian) shoppers, can uti- lize personalized matching (i.e., hedonic shopping involves impulsive purchasing which matches assertive statements, like “Just do it”; Kronrod et al., 2011). Approach–Avoidance Motivation. In addition to currently activated goals, consumers’ broader moti- vational orientation is also a characteristic which can be matched. For example, people can be more situationally or chronically approach-oriented (i.e., more responsive to incentives) or avoidance-oriented (i.e., more responsive to disincentives; Carver & White, 1994) and matching messages to these orien- tations can enhance persuasion (Gerend & Shep- herd, 2007; Mann et al., 2004). For example, Jeong et al. (2011) found that donations to a university increased when approach-oriented people received a matched appeal in terms of rewards (e.g., your donation helps to expand the number of library books) and when avoidance-oriented people Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

received one in terms of punishments (e.g., without your donation, the library would have to reduce its books) versus receiving a mismatched appeal. Regulatory Focus. Probably, the most exten- sively researched variable in this category is how messages can be matched to a person’s regulatory focus (i.e., how people approach good and avoid bad outcomes, Higgins et al., 2003). According to this work, consumers can be more promotion-focused (attuned to approaching gains and avoiding non- gains) or prevention-focused (attuned to avoiding losses and approaching nonlosses). Like their approach/avoidance orientation, consumers’ regu- latory focus can manifest dispositionally (Cesario et al., 2013), or in response to situational factors. In either case, research clearly shows that matching the content of a message to regulatory focus tends to produce positive persuasion outcomes (i.e., referred to as regulatory ﬁt; Cesario et al., 2013; Kim, 2006; Fransen et al., 2010; for reviews, see Motyka et al. (2013), Rothman et al. (2020)). In one illustrative study, Lee and Aaker (2004) had participants read an advertisement for Welch’s grape juice that either emphasized the beneﬁts of consuming it or the costs of not consuming it. Par- ticipants induced to have a promotion focus had more positive brand attitudes following the ad that emphasized the beneﬁts of purchasing, whereas participants induced to have a prevention focus were more positive when the ad emphasized the costs of not purchasing. In addition to increasing positive evaluations, matching a message to con- sumers’ regulatory focus can also dampen negativ- ity in response to unfavorable messages. For example, in denying an employee’s request, when employers used language that matched (vs. mis- matched) the employee’s regulatory focus, the refu- sal was better received (Fransen & Hoven, 2013). Other work has documented more indirect vari- ables that can similarly match to regulatory focus. For example, promotion-focused consumers respond more favorably to advertisements empha- sizing the supply aspect of scarcity, whereas pre- vention-focused consumers respond more favorably to those emphasizing the demand aspect of scarcity (Ku et al., 2012). In other research, promotion-fo- cused consumers respond more favorably to higher risk, higher reward appeals (consistent with their focus on approaching gains and avoiding non- gains), whereas prevention-focused consumers respond more favorably to lower risk, lower reward appeals (Updegraff & Rothman, 2013). Furthermore, promotion-focused consumers are more persuaded by abstract messages, whereas prevention-focused consumers are more persuaded by concrete mes- sages (i.e., abstract messages inform promotion-fo- cused consumers about multiple options for attaining their goal, whereas concrete messages inform prevention-focused consumers about the fea- sibility of attaining their goal; Lee et al., 2009; Semin et al., 2005; see also Malaviya & Brendl, 2014). Matching to Attitude Bases and Functions Naturally, the more a person’s attitudinal posi- tion (i.e., their positive or negative evaluation of an object) matches the attitude expressed by a mes- sage, the more favorably they will respond to it (Petty & Cacioppo, 1990; see Clark et al., 2013). This does not mean that attitude change is always greater for pro (vs. counter)-attitudinal appeals, because if the message advocacy perfectly matches the recipient’s existing attitude, for example, there is little room to change toward the message. Beyond the valence of a person’s attitude, then, the attitude’s underlying basis (Rosenberg & Hovland, 1960) as well as the attitude’s function (Katz, 1960) can serve as critical variables in personalized matching, as we describe next. Affective–Cognitive Bases. The most studied attitude basis involves the affect and cognition con- tributing to the person’s attitude (Clarkson et al., 2011; Edwards & von Hippel, 1995; Keer et al., 2013; See et al., 2008; for reviews, see Maio et al., 2019; Petty et al., 2019). Affective bases refer to the feelings and emotions (e.g., anxiety) that underlie one’s attitude, whereas cognitive bases refer to the reasons and attributes (e.g., usefulness) that under- lie one’s attitude (Crites et al., 1994). Attitudes vary in the degree to which they are based primarily on affect or cognition with attitudes in some domains tending to elicit one basis over the other (e.g., affect for experiential domains; Breckler & Wiggins, 1989). Regardless of the speciﬁc topic, affective mes- sages (e.g., appeals that feature emotion-evoking anecdotes) tend to be more persuasive for attitude objects that have an underlying affective basis, whereas cognitive messages (e.g., appeals that fea- ture factual information) tend to be more persua- sive for objects having a cognitive basis (e.g., Edwards, 1990; Fabrigar & Petty, 1999). This enhanced persuasive effect appears robust, docu- mented across various domains, such as food con- sumption (Dub e & Cantin, 2000), movie reviews (Mayer & Tormala, 2010), medical self-checks (Mil- lar & Millar, 1990), and binge drinking (Keer et al., 2013). Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

Although prior research has broadly supported the notion that affective–cognitive matching increases a message’s impact, a very small number of studies have claimed evidence for mismatching in this domain (e.g., Millar & Millar, 1990). In these instances, it appears the messages have been both counterattitudinal and, critically, constructed of generally noncompelling arguments. Here, the matched messages produced a greater degree of counterarguing against the weak arguments, which resulted in the matched message’s reduced effec- tiveness relative to the mismatched message. (Later, we provide detail on the role of strong versus weak arguments in matching effects in the section titled Matching Increases Message Elaboration.) In addition to matching messages to speciﬁc atti- tudes varying in their basis, some research has focused on the fact that people can differ disposition- ally in their attitude bases. Some people tend to have more affectively-based attitudes toward a wide vari- ety of objects (those high in need for affect; Maio & Esses, 2001), whereas others tend to have more cog- nitively-based attitudes (i.e., those high in lay rational- ism, Hsee et al., 2015; or need for cognition, Cacioppo & Petty, 1982). Matching messages to these individ- ual differences has also been shown to enhance per- suasion (Haddock & Maio, 2019). For example, when consumers were advertised a new drink, those who generally hold affectively based attitudes were more persuaded by a beverage taste test, whereas those who generally hold cognitive attitudes were more persuaded by facts about the drink (Haddock et al., 2008; Ruiz de Maya & Sicilia, 2004). Moral Bases. Another inﬂuential factor in matching is the extent to which people perceive that their attitudes are based on morality (e.g., Lut- trell, Teeny, & Petty, in press; Skitka & Bauman, 2008). For example, consumers might prefer organic produce because they believe it is the ethical choice (i.e., a moral basis), or because it is a healthier choice (i.e., a practical basis). When persuasive appeals match these bases, it results in greater per- suasion (Luttrell & Petty, in press; Luttrell et al., 2019). In addition to an appeal’s broad moral relevance, attitudes can also differ in the speciﬁc type of morality underlying them. According to moral foun- dations theory (Graham et al., 2009), an attitude’s moral basis can derive from one of ﬁve foundations (e.g., care/harm and sanctity/degradation). Conse- quently, even if people share a common moral atti- tude, they can be differentially persuaded by messages targeting different moral foundations. For example, some people might support protecting the environment because they oppose harming nature, whereas others might support it because they want to maintain the purity of nature. Matching a mes- sage to the relevant moral foundation tends to increase relevant attitudinal and behavioral change (Feinberg & Willer, 2015; Wolsko et al., 2016). Similar to affective/cognitive attitude bases, moral foundations can vary as a function of the speciﬁc attitude topic, or people can more generally vary in their endorsement of a subset of moral foundations (Graham et al., 2009). For example, politically liberal individuals tend to put a greater emphasis on the care and fairness dimensions, whereas politically conservative individuals tend to emphasize the loyalty, authority, and sanctity dimensions (Haidt, 2012). Thus, when these speciﬁc moral foundations are emphasized in messages to those who dispositionally endorse the matched moral basis, it can increase the message’s persua- siveness (Day et al., 2014; Kidwell et al., 2013; Voelkel & Feinberg, 2018). Political Bases. The bases of individuals’ atti- tudes can also differ as a function of their political liberalism/conservatism, where each ideology tends to correspond to different underlying values (Jost, 2017; Janoff-Bulman, 2009). Thus, when people with conservative or liberal beliefs receive appeals that match the values and/or expectations on which their beliefs are based, it has largely increased those appeals’ effectiveness (Cavazza et al., 2010; Lausten, 2017; Lavine & Snyder, 2000). For example, research ﬁnds that people with conservative beliefs tend to place greater weight on past achievements and sta- tus maintenance, whereas liberals tend to value future achievements and status advancement. Thus, when those with conservative (vs. liberal) beliefs receive messages framed in terms of restoring a desirable past (vs. ensuring a desirable future; Lam- mers & Baldwin, 2018) or in terms of maintaining (vs. advancing) status via the purchase of luxury goods (Kim et al., 2018b), it tends to enhance per- suasion. Moreover, these political matching effects can be augmented in contexts where the individ- ual’s political beliefs are made salient (Kim et al., 2018a) or when the message matches a subtype of one’s political beliefs (e.g., economic vs. social con- servatism) rather than their broader political orien- tation (Eschert et al., 2017). Knowledge and Value-Expressive Functions. In addition to the variety of bases underlying atti- tudes, there are also variations in the functions that attitudes serve (Katz, 1960). For example, when an attitude serves a knowledge function, it helps inform people about how they should act toward or Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

evaluate an object, whereas when an attitude serves a value-expressive function, it helps communicate what is important to them. Considerable research shows that persuasive messages that target the rele- vant attitude function tend to be more effective (Hullett, 2002; LeBoeuf & Simmons, 2010; Shavitt, 1990; Spivey et al., 1983; Snyder & DeBono, 1989; Clary et al., 1994; see Carpenter, 2012). In an illus- trative study, Julka and Marsh (2005) measured the extent to which individuals’ positive attitudes toward organ donation served a knowledge or a value-expressive function. For participants whose attitudes served a knowledge function, attitude change was greater in response to a message that provided answers to common informational ques- tions about organ donation rather than a message describing the moral support for it. The opposite was true for participants whose attitudes served a value-expressive function. Social-Adjustive Function. In line with the research on attitude bases, attitude functions can be attitude-speciﬁc or reﬂected in a consumer’s broader disposition. The most studied attitude func- tion examined as an individual difference is the so- cial-adjustive function which is assessed with the self-monitoring scale (Snyder, 1974). High self-moni- tors are concerned with their social image, adapting their attitudes and behavior to ﬁt their current interpersonal circumstance. Low self-monitors pay little mind to their image and are instead concerned about expressing congruence between their internal beliefs and outward attitudes and behaviors. Thus, higher self-monitoring is associated with having attitudes more based on a social-adjustive function. As a consequence, high self-monitors experience a match when advertisements highlight the social image beneﬁts of a purchase (e.g., “this is the drink everyone is talking about”), whereas low self-moni- tors experience a match when advertisements high- light the performance of the product (e.g., “this is the highest quality drink around”). Across adver- tisements for alcohol (Paek et al., 2012; Snyder & DeBono, 1985), electronics (DeBono & Packer, 1991), clothing (Lennon et al., 1988), cars (Zucker- man et al., 1988), and other objects (e.g., Graeff, 1996; Lavine & Snyder, 1996; Shavitt et al., 1992), when the message content or framing matched levels of self-monitoring, it typically enhanced per- suasion (see DeBono, 2006, for a review). Matching to Identities and Personality Traits The social and personal ways in which individu- als perceive themselves (i.e., their identities) as well as the patterned ways in which they think, feel, and behave (i.e., their personality traits) serve as strong targets for matching. Notably, research has often categorized identities and personality under the same umbrella term (i.e., “individual differ- ences”). Thus, we, too, include them in the same section but divide their discussion. We describe identities in terms of the multiple dimensions repre- senting individuals’ self-concepts—from those that are more social to those that are more personal (Oyserman, 2009). We describe personality traits in terms of their common depiction, namely the Big 5 personality traits (Goldberg, 1990). Social Identities. Framing a message as particu- larly beneﬁcial or relevant to a social group to which the message recipient belongs can enhance persuasion. For example, when appeals are framed as particularly advantageous for a speciﬁc gender, those who identify with that gender tend to be more impacted (Fleming & Petty, 2000; Meyers- Levy & Sternthal, 1991). Matching messages to con- sumers’ ethnic identities have produced these effects, too. For example, participants whose Asian identity was made salient responded more favorably to advertisements targeted toward that identity (Fore- hand et al., 2002). Matching appeals to consumers’ sports fandom (using sports metaphors for those higher on this identity) also increases the message’s effectiveness (Ottati et al., 1999). Even matching messages to consumers’ ﬁnancial class (i.e., empha- sizing the capacity for personal control for wealthy individuals and social relationships for low wealth individuals) has produced more positive persuasion outcomes (Whillans et al., 2017). Personal Identities. In addition to social identi- ties, messages can also match personal identities to the same effect. For example, consumers who per- ceived themselves as more sophisticated or more out- doorsy reported greater purchase intentions after receiving a message that emphasized the appeal’s relevance for that identity (Summers et al., 2016). Another example is need for cognition (i.e., the extent to which people believe they enjoy thinking; Cacioppo & Petty, 1982), where advertising a pro- duct as relevant for those enjoy (vs. don’t enjoy) intensive thinking enhances the appeal for those higher in this trait (Bakker, 1999; See et al., 2009). Other research has observed similar effects for domi- nance orientation (i.e., assertive messages for those high in dominance vs. difﬁdent messages for those low; Moon, 2002), sensation seeking (i.e., unusual message structures for high sensation seekers vs. normal message structures for those low; Palm- green et al., 2002; Self & Findley, 2010), future Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

orientation (i.e., distant advantages/immediate dis- advantages for those high in future orientation vs. immediate advantages/distant disadvantages for those low; Strathman et al., 1994; Tangari & Smith, 2012), and many other individual identities (e.g., Coe et al., 2017; Mannetti et al., 2010; Williams-Pie- hota et al., 2004, for a review, see Dijkstra, 2008). Indeed, even self-esteem has been effectively tar- geted: Advertising nonidealized (vs. idealized) con- tent is more effective for consumers who view themselves unfavorably (Bian & Wang, 2015). Personality Traits. The most widely employed approach to categorizing individuals’ personality is the Big 5 factors model (Goldberg, 1990), where peo- ple are postulated to differ along ﬁve key dimen- sions (e.g., extraversion and openness). Matching the content of a message to consumers’ standing along one or more of those dimensions has enhanced persuasion. In an early demonstration (Wheeler et al., 2005), participants who varied in their degree of extraversion received a message about a video player that was either framed to appeal to extraverts (e.g., you’ll be the life of the party) or for introverts (e.g., you can enjoy movies without the crowds). When strong arguments were presented, the matched appeal was more effective. In another study that looked at the entire Big 5 (Hirsch et al., 2012), individual ads for a cell phone were developed to match each of the personality factors (e.g., the extraversion ad emphasized the phone’s ability to help consumers “be where the excitement is,” whereas the neuroticism ad empha- sized how it will help them “stay safe and secure”). Regardless of the dimension, when the ads matched a person’s more dominant trait, they rated it as more effective and reported greater intentions to purchase the phone. Tailoring messages to con- sumers’ Big 5 traits was reportedly a prominent strategy employed to inﬂuence U.S. political elec- tions in 2016 (Hern, 2018). Although some analysts contest the extent of impact this approach had (Gib- ney, 2018), the viability of such a strategy has been conﬁrmed by the laboratory studies just described as well as large-scale, digitally implemented ﬁeld research (Matz et al., 2017). These matching effects for personality traits seem to emerge regardless of whether consumers objec- tively versus subjectively possess them (Li, 2016). For example, whether or not consumers explicitly acknowledge themselves as high in neuroticism, messages matched to this dimension have increased persuasion (Hirsch et al., 2012). It is also worth mentioning that advances in technology and access to consumers’ online and ofﬂine activity have allowed for greater identiﬁcation of both con- sumers’ identities and personality traits (cf., Barber a et al., 2015; Kteily et al., 2019), expanding the possi- bilities for targeting consumers based on these dimensions. Of course, the employment of such strategies should be done with ethical considera- tions in mind. Matching to Cultural Orientations As a ﬁnal category to which messages have been matched, we consider the various qualities bestowed upon people by their cultures. Culture can shape thinking styles, wherein Western cultures tend to emphasize thinking analytically and Eastern cultures tend to emphasize thinking holistically (Nis- bett et al., 2001). Thus, when a message matches a consumer’s culturally shaped thinking style (e.g., a product is portrayed in isolation for analytical thin- kers vs. as part of a broader context for holistic thinkers), it tends to elicit more positive persuasive outcomes (Liang et al., 2011; Monga & John, 2006, 2010; Uskul & Oyserman, 2010). Independent and Interdependent Self-Con- strual. Perhaps the most studied cultural dimen- sion in personalized matching is a person’s independent versus interdependent self-construal. People with an independent self-construal view themselves as separate and unique from others, whereas those with an interdependent self-construal view them- selves as connected and related to others (Markus & Kitayama, 1991). Although there are individual dif- ferences within any given country (Park et al., 2002) and various situational factors (Aaker & Williams, 1998; Gardner et al., 1999) that inﬂuence the degree to which a consumer leans more toward indepen- dence versus interdependence, differences on this aspect typically emerge as a function of one’s coun- try of origin. Western consumers tend to be more independent, whereas Eastern consumers tend to be more interdependent (Singelis, 1994). Thus, when Western consumers received a message framed for independent self-construal (e.g., the consequences of product consumption pertain to the self), and East- ern consumers received a message framed for inter- dependent self-construal (e.g., the consequences of product consumption pertain to their relationships), it was more effective than the mismatched message (Uskul & Oyserman, 2009). Similar ﬁndings have occurred when self-construal was either measured or situationally manipulated for participants within the same culture (Sung & Choi, 2011). Other research has identiﬁed more indirect vari- ables that can produce similar outcomes. For Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

example, promotion (vs. prevention)-focused mes- sages for independent (vs. interdependent) self-con- strual (Aaker & Lee, 2001; Lee et al., 2000; Sherman et al., 2011), individual (vs. collective)-focused appeals for independent (vs. interdependent) self- construal (Han & Shavitt, 1994; Zhang & Gelb, 1996), as well as temporally distant (vs. proximal) beneﬁts for independent (vs. interdependent) self- construal (Pounders et al., 2015; Spassova & Lee, 2013) have all been shown to produce enhanced persuasion, because these kinds of messages are more compatible with the person’s culturally bestowed self-construal (see Huang & Shen, 2016). Practical Considerations for Message-to-Recipient Matches Matching a message to aspects of a person relies on the general idea that people can have very dif- ferent reasons for liking or disliking things, thereby leading them to weigh different dimensions in mes- sages differently or ﬁnd particular assertions to be more compelling than others. In addition to the general categories we have highlighted (e.g., match- ing to affect versus cognition), the reasons for liking and disliking things can also be quite speciﬁc. For example, some car purchasers might care primarily about gas mileage whereas others care more about repairability. Even though both concerns are cogni- tive and practical rather than affective or moral, matching the message to the highly speciﬁc con- cerns of the consumer should enhance message effectiveness. Indeed, we presume that the more speciﬁc and individualized the message content match is to the person’s concerns, the more effective it can be. However, because this high level of per- sonalization can be impractical, it is useful to know that even matching to general categories of atti- tudes, objects and people can enhance persuasion. Nonetheless, future research would beneﬁt from a greater delineation of dimensions relevant to a speciﬁc consumer segment that might reliably serve as targets for personalized matching. Another practical matter to consider is how the consumer’s speciﬁc standing on that individual dif- ference (i.e., higher vs. lower) determines which kind of matched message would be most effective. For example, consider self-monitoring, where people low on the scale tend to be inﬂuenced by “quality” appeals and people high on the scale tend to be inﬂuenced by “image” appeals (Snyder & DeBono, 1989). But, at what point along the scale is it most beneﬁcial to switch from a quality to an image mes- sage? Fortunately, recent work has begun to look at statistical procedures for identifying the “threshold” where it is optimal to switch participants from one communication type to another (Joyal-Desmarais et al., 2020). Source-to-Recipient Matches The bulk of research on personalized matching has examined the inﬂuence of aligning characteris- tics of the message with those of the recipient. However, personalized matching can also be instan- tiated by aligning source characteristics—regardless of what the message conveys—with that of the recipient. Broadly, any form of similarity between the source of the message and the recipient tends to enhance persuasive impact (e.g., gender, race, and motivational orientation; Lu, 2013; Phua, 2014). Although there are fewer studies on source-to-recip- ient than message-to-recipient matches, we provide a few examples below. In different lines of research on matching to affective and cognitive states, emotionally intense consumers were shown to be more persuaded by more emotionally intense sources (Aune & Kikuchi, 1993); consumers higher in emotional intelligence were more persuaded by sources matched on this dimension (Kidwell et al., 2020); and consumers higher in power were more inﬂuenced by sources who possess a more powerful status (Dubois et al., 2016; Briñol et al., 2017). Similar ﬁndings have occurred for sources’ motivational orientations, where promotion (vs. prevention)-focused con- sumers are more persuaded by sources who exhibit promotion (vs. prevention)-focused achievement styles (Lockwood et al., 2002) and/or use more eager (vs. vigilant) nonverbal communication styles (Cesario & Higgins, 2008). Still, other work has shown how the source can match to individuals’ relevant attitude functions. For example, consumers whose attitudes are knowl- edge- versus social adjustment-based are more per- suaded by sources who serve a matched function: expert (knowledgeable) sources for recipients whose attitudes serve a knowledge function and attractive (socially desirable) sources for recipients whose atti- tudes serve a social-adjustive function (Evans & Clark, 2012; Ziegler et al., 2005). Moreover, because sources’ identities are often salient for message recipients, this dimension, too, has reliably pro- duced matching effects. For example, recipients who share the source’s politics (e.g., a liberal source advocating to a liberal recipient) tend to exhibit greater attitude change (Hartman & Weber, 2009; Nelson & Garst, 2005), even if the content of the Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

message does not align with their stance (Bochner, 1996). Additionally, when a source’s culture (which can be signaled with as little as an accent) aligns with the recipient, this too can enhance persuasion (Ivanic et al., 2014; Tsalikis et al., 1992). One feature of personalized matching that is especially applicable to source-to-recipient matches (as well as setting-to-recipient matches) is that they often occur through physical cues (Guyer et al., 2019). For example, consumers are more persuaded by sources who physically resemble the consumer’s in-group (e.g., Olivola et al., 2018). Similarly, when other physical traits of the source, such as the dom- inance conveyed by their facial appearance (Laust- sen & Petersen, 2016) or the pitch of their voice (Banai et al., 2018), align with traits personally matched to the recipient, it can enhance persuasion. This is especially true when the source’s physical traits match consumers from a minority group, including sources who match ethnic (Brumbaugh, 2002; Desphand e & Stayman, 1994; Whittler & DiMeo, 1991) as well as gendered traits (Rosenberg- Kima et al., 2010). Setting-to-Recipient Matches As a ﬁnal form of personalized matching, mar- keters can match an aspect of the setting or context in which persuasion occurs (i.e., variables in the consumer’s environment; Mehrabian & Russell, 1974) to an aspect of the message recipient. Setting- to-recipient matches could entail a characteristic of the setting aligning with an already established characteristic of the recipient (e.g., German versus French consumers exhibiting different purchase intentions as a function of playing German versus French music), or the setting can activate a personal characteristic that then matches the setting. For example, in one study (North et al., 1999), playing stereotypically German (vs. French) music in a store setting activated a greater self-perception of Ger- man (vs. French) working knowledge in customers, thereby increasing the sale of German (vs. French) wine. In general, the personalized matching literature has conducted less research on setting-to-recipient matches, potentially due to the relative difﬁculty in personalizing the consumers’ environment or the reduced ability to target a speciﬁc segment as the setting applies to all consumers who enter it. Nonetheless, if an aspect of the consumer’s setting matches a consumer characteristic (e.g., delivering a message in a quieter room for introverts vs. a lou- der room for extraverts), it can produce personalized matching effects. Work on setting-to- recipient matches has often examined how brick- and-mortar atmospherics (e.g., a store’s ambient music, scent, and lighting) can interact with con- sumer characteristics to enhance inﬂuence. For example, a ﬁeld study by Morrin and Chebat (2005) found that an affectively charged induction (i.e., emotional music) was more effective at increasing in-store purchases for impulsive shoppers, whereas an induction more linked to contemplation (i.e., scent; Chebat & Michon, 2003) was more effective for nonimpulsive shoppers. Similar ﬁndings have emerged for consumers’ purchasing goals. Whereas hedonic shoppers (i.e., recreational shoppers) report greater in-store pur- chase intentions for highly stimulating stores (i.e., with red walls and cluttered ﬂoorplans), utilitarian shoppers (i.e., economic shoppers) report greater purchase intentions for less stimulating stores (i.e., with blue walls and spacious ﬂoorplans; van Rom- pay et al., 2012). Additionally, consumers’ desire for control can produce similar effects, where con- sumers higher in this dimension report greater pur- chase intentions in noncrowded versus crowded stores (van Rompay et al., 2008). With online shopping becoming an increasingly dominant venue for consumer behavior, marketers can also utilize the atmospherics of the digital envi- ronment to create personally matched appeals (for a review, see Wan et al., 2009). For example, whereas hedonic online shoppers respond more favorably to immersive and experiential websites, utilitarian online shoppers ﬁnd these features distracting (Hun- ter & Mukerji, 2011). In contrast, utilitarian shoppers respond more favorably to task-oriented features, such as the website’s navigability and search func- tions (Gounaris et al., 2010; see also Bridges & Flor- sheim, 2008). Other research demonstrates the value of considering less controllable atmospherics in these online settings, such as the time of day when a per- suasive message is read. For example, consumers categorized as morning types exhibited greater atti- tude change following a message with strong argu- ments delivered during the morning (vs. the evening; Martin & Marrington, 2005). The Meaning of the Match We have now covered a wide range of dimen- sions upon which personalized matching has enhanced persuasiveness. As mentioned already, however, this is not always the case. Sometimes, personally matched messages can reduce persua- sion. In order to understand why and when this Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

occurs, it is useful to consider the valenced meaning that the match generates for consumers (i.e., whether the matching in a message is interpreted as positive or negative). For example, two people might each perceive a matched message to be famil- iar, but that familiarity could be interpreted posi- tively by one person (e.g., desirable because of its ﬂuency) or negatively by another (e.g., undesirable because the content seems already known). Regard- less of how the meaning emerges (either implicitly or explicitly) or the speciﬁc experience that gener- ated the meaning, the positivity or negativity of that meaning is a key factor in determining the effect of the matched content (Bri~nol et al., 2018). However, as we will see shortly, positive meanings do not invariably lead to positive persuasion out- comes and the converse is also true for negative meanings. Positive Meanings In general, personalized matching has been shown to produce positive meanings in most cases and this can stem from several sources. Perhaps most obviously, personalized matches can produce positive meanings due to the perceived self-relevance of the match (DeBono & Packer, 1991; Petty & Wegener, 1998; Abrahamse et al., 2007). Because most people have positive feelings toward them- selves, anything linked to the self can also take on that positivity (Gawronski et al., 2007; Horcajo et al., 2010a). Indeed, recent neuroscience research demon- strates that matched messages activate individuals’ ventromedial prefrontal cortex, which is associated with self-relevant evaluations (Aquino et al., 2020), thereby potentially increasing favorability toward matched appeals. Nonetheless, other positive mean- ings that matched messages can generate include a greater feeling of rightness or ﬁt (Cesario et al., 2004; Higgins, 2005; see Cesario et al., 2008), familiarity or ﬂuency (Labroo & Lee, 2006; Thompson & Hamilton, 2006), self-efﬁcacy in attaining the advocated outcome (Han et al., 2016; Sherman et al., 2006; Bostrom et al., 2013), and authenticity (Bleidorn et al., 2016; Harms et al., 2006). Although the present research has treated the consequences of different positive meanings as relatively interchangeable, future research would beneﬁt from determining whether speciﬁc positive meanings have speciﬁc effects. Negative Meanings As noted, there has been signiﬁcantly less work identifying the potential negative meanings that personalized matching can produce. Nonetheless, and perhaps most commonly, a personalized match can engender a negative meaning if it is interpreted as an invasion of privacy (e.g., van Doorn & Hoek- stra, 2013; White et al., 2008). Other research has shown that matched messages can generate a nega- tive meaning if they are interpreted as an attempt at manipulation (Bri~nol et al., 2015; David et al., 2012; Reinhart et al., 2007), or if they are interpreted to be based on an unfair or stereotypic judgment about the person (Derricks & Earl, 2019; Kim et al., 2019a; White & Argo, 2009). Additionally, a personalized match can elicit a negative meaning if the person interprets the message as containing already known content (Clark et al., 2008; Hastie, 1984; Mah- eswaran & Chaiken, 1991). Although there is less research on the emergence of negative meanings, they are nevertheless important to consider. Eliciting Positive versus Negative Meanings Understanding whether a personalized match generates a positive or negative meaning is critical for understanding how it will affect persuasion. Although people predominately appear to interpret personalized matches positively, certain individual differences and situational factors might be espe- cially likely to undermine this. For example, people might be more likely to interpret a personalized match negatively if they hold an interdependent (vs. independent) self-construal, because interde- pendent consumers prefer to think about them- selves as part of the group (vs. individuated; Kramer et al., 2007; Li et al., 2011). Additionally, if consumers are marketing savvy (Friestad & Wright, 1994), they might be more likely to interpret a per- sonalized match negatively (e.g., as a manipulation attempt) versus positively (e.g., as meaningful to me; Maslowska et al., 2013). Other research sug- gests that consumers’ concerns about data privacy could also affect their reaction to personalized mes- sages, where consumers higher in data privacy con- cerns are more likely to interpret a personalized match negatively (i.e., as an invasion of privacy; Hoffman et al., in press). Negative meanings are also likely if the message is too highly matched (e.g., it includes a consumer’s prior transaction his- tory; van Doorn & Hoekstra, 2013), or if the con- sumer recognizes that the information for matching the message was collected on a website separate from where the message is being delivered (Kim et al., 2019a). Across these examples, one common theme is that if consumers become explicitly aware of the personalized match (see Cesario et al., 2004), Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

then inferences about the source of the personalized information or the motives behind it are more likely to be negative. Further research is needed to determine which factors lead a consumer to become aware of and interpret such personalization negatively. For exam- ple, when might a feeling of familiarity from a match instill a positive reaction (e.g., a feeling of comfort) versus a negative reaction (e.g., a feeling of boredom)? Some research has suggested that consumers are less likely to generate negative pri- vacy concerns regarding personalized messages if they have previously consented to allow access to their data (Hoffman et al., in press). Or, what if the match simultaneously generates a positive and neg- ative meaning? In any case, a better understanding of when matches generate different meanings is important, because as argued shortly, these mean- ings can play a critical role in determining the match’s eventual effect on persuasion. Multiple Processes in Personalized Matching So far, we have shown there are many ways in which one can use the message, source, or setting to create a match with at least one of the aspects of the recipient. And from our discussion so far, it might sound like matches generating positive meanings invariably produce positive outcomes, whereas negative meanings produce the reverse. Unfortunately, this analysis is too simplistic. To understand how positive meanings can sometimes produce negative outcomes and negative meanings can sometimes produce positive outcomes, we turn to an analysis of the multiple mechanisms by which personalized matching can impact attitudes. Although there have been periodic calls for match- ing researchers to pay more attention to underlying processes (e.g., Hawkins et al., 2008), prior reviews have tended to focus primarily on matching effects and outcomes, as we did above. To elucidate the mechanisms of matching, we rely on a well-estab- lished general theory of persuasion, the elaboration likelihood model (ELM; Petty & Cacioppo, 1986; refer to Figure 1 for an overview of the ELM applied to matching effects). After a brief review of the ELM, we show how it can be useful in explicating when matching enhances persuasion and when it can backﬁre. Decades of research have striven to describe and model the fundamental underlying processes of attitude change (for reviews, see Bri~nol & Petty, 2012; Eagly & Chaiken, 1993; Maio et al., 2019), and much of this research has been uniﬁed and inte- grated under the ELM (Petty & Bri~nol, 2012; Petty & Wegener, 1998). In the ELM, different mecha- nisms are categorized into a ﬁnite number of gen- eral attitude change processes which emerge as a function of individuals’ levels of elaboration. That is, in any given persuasion context, consumers can range from relatively low to high in how much they think about and scrutinize the message. Depending on where the person falls along this elaboration continuum, personalized matching can inﬂuence consumers’ attitudes and behaviors through different types of psychological processes. The ELM holds that it is critical to understand the type of process through which the match has its effects in order to elucidate whether it will increase or decrease persuasion as well as whether those ini- tial results are likely to be durable and impactful (Petty et al., 1995). Individuals’ degree of elaboration is determined by their motivation and ability to think critically about the message. The motivation to process a message can be affected by situational factors, such as the likelihood that a consumer is in the market for and will be able to purchase a product (Petty et al., 1983), or dispositional factors, like their gen- eral preference to engage in careful thinking (Cacioppo et al., 1983). Similarly, one’s ability to process a message can be affected by situational factors such as the speed at which the message is delivered (Smith & Schaffer, 1995) or the number of times it is repeated (Cacioppo & Petty, 1989) as well as dispositional factors like a person’s intelli- gence (Wood et al., 1995). Depending on a con- sumer’s situational or dispositional state of elaboration, the ELM holds that the process by which a personalized match affects persuasion can change (Petty et al., 2000). More speciﬁcally, if consumers are constrained to be rather low in their thinking (e.g., many distrac- tions are present), personalized matching is expected to function as a simple cue or heuristic in the attitude change process. In these instances, the match produces an effect consistent with its valenced meaning. For example, a person might quickly reason that “I like this because it’s similar to me,” or “I don’t like it because it is trying to manipulate me,” without much thought about the merits of the advocacy. In contrast, if elaboration is constrained to be high (e.g., people are incentivized to think about the evidence presented), matching can inﬂuence persuasion through more effortful processes. For example, the personalized match can be carefully scrutinized as an argument in and of Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

itself in support or opposition to the appeal (e.g., “Its similarity to me is good evidence for the merits of this message”). Alternatively, the match could bias the valence of thoughts that come to mind (i.e., prompt a greater number of thoughts in favor of or opposed to the appeal depending on the match’s positive or negative meaning). Beyond these effects on consumers’ primary cog- nitions, when thinking is high, personalized match- ing can also inﬂuence attitude change through metacognitive processes. Metacognition refers to thoughts about one’s thoughts (Bri~nol & DeMarree, 2012; Dunlosky & Metcalfe, 2009; Jost et al., 1998), and prior research shows that these secondary thoughts can have a signiﬁcant impact on attitudes (Petty et al., 2007). First, under high levels of elabo- ration, if consumers perceive that a match has biased their thinking, it can lead them to engage in metacognitive correction (i.e., mentally adjusting the evaluations in order to correct for any “undue” inﬂuence of the match; Wegener & Petty, 1997). Additionally, personalized matching can affect atti- tudes by affecting the perceived validity of one’s thoughts (e.g., “My thoughts on this message are valid because they seem ﬂuent or familiar”; Bri~nol & Petty, 2009). Finally, if the extent of thinking is not already constrained to be relatively high or low, then the match itself can potentially inﬂuence the extent to which a person thinks about a message. For exam- ple, if the match makes the message seem highly relevant to the person, the match could motivate effortful analysis of the arguments presented. Alter- natively, if the match makes the message seem like it has already been processed (i.e., is overly famil- iar), it could reduce the level of thinking the mes- sage receives. In sum, in order to anticipate when and how personalized matching will inﬂuence per- suasion, it is necessary to consider the positive or negative meaning it generates and whether the per- son is in a lower, higher, or unconstrained state of elaboration at the time the message is received. We unpack how matching can affect persuasion under different elaboration conditions next. Lower Elaboration: Serving as a Cue When people are in a low elaboration state because they lack the motivation and/or ability to engage in more careful thinking, the personally matched appeal will most likely operate through a simple cue process. There are a number of relatively low thinking processes that could be involved. For example, it could entail a misattribution of affect (whether positive or negative) from the matched advertisement to their attitudes (Jones et al., 2010; Payne & Lundberg, 2014) or a more direct affect transfer as speciﬁed by classical conditioning theo- ries (Staats & Staats, 1958), or an attempt at main- taining cognitive consistency (balance) between the advertisement and their self-views (Horcajo et al., 2010a; Simon et al., 2004), or any other “low thought” process stemming from the basic positive or negative meaning of the match. What is impor- tant to note here is that regardless of the speciﬁc process involved, the personalized matching effect obtained stems from linking the valenced meaning of the match to the attitude object by some rela- tively low thought process which does not involve people carefully considering the merits of the appeal. In one representative study, undergraduate stu- dents in a low elaboration state reported more posi- tive attitudes toward a proposed week-long event, when the promotional message matched rather than mismatched their attitude function, even though no actual arguments were presented in support of the appeal (DeBono, 1987). In other words, the match generated a positive meaning which was then used as a simple positive cue. In contrast, if a match pro- duces a negative meaning for low elaborating con- sumers, the opposite would be expected. For example, if the matched appeal signals to the con- sumer that the message is an attempt at manipula- tion, rather than being informative, it can elicit negative feelings associated with reactance (i.e., a sense of threat to the person’s freedom; Brehm, 1966; Quick et al., 2013). These negative feelings can then lead to a negative interpretation of the match (Bleier & Eisenbeiss, 2015; David et al., 2012; Reinhart et al., 2007), which can then result in more negative attitudes, regardless of what the message content conveys. Other research has corroborated these low-thought effects of matching (Kidwell et al., 2013; Lammers & Baldwin, 2018; Shavitt et al., 1994). Thus, when designing persuasive appeals for contexts in which consumers are unmo- tivated and/or unable to engage in much elabora- tion, the meaning of the match (positive or negative) determines its impact on persuasion by serving as a simple peripheral cue regardless of the nature of the arguments (if any) presented. Higher Elaboration: Serving as an Argument According to the ELM, when people highly elab- orate on a persuasive appeal, personalized match- ing operates through a different set of Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

psychological processes. As one of these processes, a match can in and of itself be carefully evaluated for its strength or weakness as an argument for the appeal. For example, if consumers scrutinize an advertisement and ﬁnd that its language matches their moral foundations, this match could be per- ceived as a compelling argument (i.e., a good rea- son) to support the advocacy regardless of the details for the appeal’s individual claims. That is, the moral stance itself can serve as a worthy argu- ment in support of the appeal. But, what if the mes- sage language matched a person’s general moral foundations, even though the product was one that had no plausible link to morality? Under low think- ing, a match to one’s morality, being generally posi- tive, would always be good for persuasion as a simple positive cue. Under high thinking, however, a match to morality would only serve as a good argument if morality was perceived to be relevant to the product purchase and not if it was irrelevant (cf., Pierro et al., 2004). To further illustrate, consider an instance where an advertisement matches the consumer on infor- mation believed to have been obtained intrusively. Under low elaboration, this personalized match would seemingly elicit a negative meaning and thus reduce persuasion. Under high elaboration, however, the match might increase persuasion despite the intrusion of privacy because the matched content, when carefully evaluated, is seen as a strong argument in support of the appeal (e.g., “I know I was targeted, but I don’t care because this product really is relevant to my needs”). In contrast, the opposite could be true for a personal- ized match that generates a positive meaning. To the low elaboration consumer, a simple match (e.g., using the consumer’s name) might lead to enhanced liking. However, under high elaboration, the con- sumer might perceive such a match as trivial when considered as an argument, dampening its impact on attitudes (e.g., “The mere use of my name is not a good reason to like this product”). Thus, it can be very important to know whether a consumer is in a high or low elaboration state because this will help determine the ultimate effect of the personalized match on consumers’ relevant attitudes. At this time, little or no previous research of which we are aware has explicitly focused on examples of person- alized matches serving as an argument. Nonethe- less, decades of research on persuasion processes indicate that personalized matches can operate in this manner in the right context (see Teeny, Bri~nol, & Petty, 2016). Higher Elaboration: Biasing Thoughts Under high elaboration, in addition to serving as an argument, a matched message can also produce a bias in the thoughts a person generates in response to the communication (Petty et al., 1993). Generally speaking, the more positive thoughts a person generates in response to an appeal, the more attitude change that is expected. Accordingly, when a personalized match generates a positive meaning for people who are elaborating, it can motivate them to generate a greater number of positive thoughts, thereby increasing persuasion. For exam- ple, in one study, Lavine and Snyder (1996) exam- ined participants’ thoughts in response to one of two persuasive messages on a high relevance topic —voting in the upcoming mayoral election. Partici- pants received advertisements advocating voting that were either matched or mismatched to their level of self-monitoring. For example, the argument that voting enhances one’s status was a match for high self-monitors, whereas for low self-monitors, the argument that voting allows people to inﬂuence societal issues was a match (with the reverse pair- ings constituting mismatched arguments). In line with the ELM, personally matched (vs. mis- matched) messages produced greater attitude change by leading participants to generate a greater proportion of positive thoughts in support of the appeal (see also DeBono & Telesca, 1990; Kreuter et al., 1999). Although personalized matching under high thinking conditions has generally been shown to bias recipients’ thoughts in a positive direction, when the match elicits a negative meaning, it can have the opposite effect. For example, when person- alized messages target a stigmatized identity, it can lead people to feel unfairly judged or stereotyped (Kim et al., 2019b; White & Argo, 2009), producing a negative meaning about the personalized match (e.g., El Hazzouri & Hamilton, 2019) and biasing people to generate unfavorable thoughts about the appeal. As one example of this, when overweight consumers believed they received information about a weight loss program based on their weight status (vs. randomly), they felt “unfairly judged” by the matched message. In turn, this caused them to generate more negative thoughts (e.g., percep- tions of unfair judgment) about the message and its proposals, which resulted in lower intentions to engage in healthy behaviors (Derricks & Earl, 2019). Even though a message on weight loss to an over- weight person is a personalized match, the feelings Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

of stigmatization produced a negative meaning for the match which biased thoughts in a negative direction. When a personally matched message biases thoughts in either a positive or negative direction, it can do so by affecting the perceived desirability of or the likelihood that a speciﬁc outcome pro- posed by the appeal will be obtained, consistent with expectancy–value models of attitudes (Fish- bein & Ajzen, 1975). For example, Wegener et al. (1994) placed participants who were high in their need for cognition into either a positive or negative mood and provided them with either a matched message (i.e., positively framed arguments for a positive mood and negatively framed arguments for a negative mood) or a mismatched communica- tion. Participants rated the consequences included in the matched message as being more likely to occur than those in the mismatched message, thereby increasing persuasion. In the prior study, the match was perceived posi- tively (i.e., as a ﬁt), but a similar process can occur when matching elicits a negative meaning. For example, when participants saw an advertisement for a bookstore that was ostensibly matched to their prior browsing history, participants who believed the information for the ad’s personalization had been gathered intrusively (vs. not intrusively) eval- uated the store’s products as less desirable, reduc- ing the advertisement’s persuasive effectiveness (Kim et al., 2019a). This process can emerge even when the matched message better ﬁts their prefer- ences (van Doorn & Hoekstra, 2013; White et al., 2008). Importantly, both negative and positive biased processing effects are more likely to occur when the quality of the appeal’s arguments is somewhat ambiguous (i.e., open to interpretation, Chaiken & Maheswaran, 1994; see also Ziegler et al., 2007). Higher Elaboration (Metacognition): Correcting for Bias We have focused so far on how personalized matching can inﬂuence individuals’ primary thoughts about the product advertised. However, in accord with the ELM, personalized matching can also affect secondary (i.e., metacognitive) thoughts, which can have a signiﬁcant inﬂuence on attitudes. Notably, when people are engaged in metacognitive processing (i.e., when in higher elaboration states), the belief that their attitudes were biased by the personalized match can lead them to mentally cor- rect for the bias. That is, due to people’s general desire to hold accurate attitudes (Festinger, 1950; Petty & Cacioppo, 1986), under conditions of high elaboration, consumers are apt to try to identify and correct for any undesired inﬂuence they per- ceive could be biasing their judgments (Wilson & Brekke, 1994). According to the Flexible Correction Model (Petty & Wegener, 1993; Wegener & Petty, 1997), when people perceive a biasing inﬂuence on their thoughts, they will try to estimate both the di- rection and the magnitude of the perceived bias and attempt to subtract that bias from their overall eval- uation. Thus, if consumers perceive the personaliza- tion in an appeal is an unwanted biasing factor, they may try to correct for its inﬂuence, regardless of whether the bias is positive (e.g., “I am likely too favorable toward this message because it matches me”) or negative (e.g., “I am likely too negative toward this message because it stereotypes my group”). As an example of this process, Cesario et al. (2004) manipulated whether a message matched or mismatched participants’ strategy for goal pursuit. The researchers then additionally manipulated whether participants were made aware (or not) of the match’s positive inﬂuence. For those unaware, the matched message resulted in greater persuasion. For those made aware, the matched message prompted correction, resulting in reduced attitude change. Another example comes from research on consumers’ accessible identities. In this work, the researchers manipulated the credibility of using an accessible identity when evaluating products (i.e., whether an accessible identity was or was not a trustworthy source for making evaluations). For those induced to consider their accessible identities, noncredible (vs. credible) messages matched to those identities were less effective (Zhang & Khare, 2009). In order to correct for matching, a consumer must be motivated to detect biasing factors, possess a lay theory about that biasing factor’s inﬂuence, and believe such an inﬂuence is inappropriate (McCaslin et al., 2010). Thus, consumers are more likely to correct for the impact of their emotions when evaluating utilitarian (vs. hedonic) products, because emotional reasoning seems more inappro- priate for these purchases (Chien et al., 2010). In most prior work on correction, situational factors (e.g., the experimenters’ explicit acknowledgment or a tagline in an advertisement; Chien & Hsiao, 2015; Kim et al., 2019a) were required to initiate consumers’ correction. However, in the absence of these or other explicit signals of bias, consumers may be disinclined to correct for personalized per- suasion (see Lombardi et al., 1987). That is, even Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

though consumers are increasingly aware that their personal data are being used for targeted advertise- ments (Summers et al., 2016), unless consumers interpret the match as an unwanted biasing factor, they would be unlikely to correct for its inﬂuence. Interestingly, we note that research has identiﬁed individual differences that moderate whether con- sumers are likely to correct for potential biases from personalized appeals. For example, Appelt et al. (2010) found that people who were high (vs. low) in the trait of self-assessment (i.e., those who tend to scrutinize their thoughts for accuracy; Higgins et al., 2003) were more likely to correct (and some- times overcorrect) for the inﬂuence of personalized matching on their judgments. Higher Elaboration (Metacognition): Validating Thoughts In higher elaboration states, personalized match- ing can affect attitude change through another metacognitive process—by affecting the perceived validity of the thoughts that come to mind. Accord- ing to the self-validation hypothesis (Petty et al., 2002), the more the people have conﬁdence in or liking for the primary cognitions they generate, the more inﬂuence those cognitions have on their judg- ments and behavior. As an example, in an early study, participants whose positive thoughts about an advertisement for a household cleaner were vali- dated (i.e., they learned the ad had come from a trustworthy government source) versus invalidated (i.e., they learned the ad had come from an untrust- worthy company) reported more positive attitudes toward the product (Bri~nol et al., 2004). Of relevance to the current review, personalized matching can affect attitudes through thought vali- dation processes. To illustrate, in one study Evans and Clark (2012) asked highly elaborating partici- pants to ﬁrst read a message that contained com- pelling arguments for phosphate-based laundry detergents. Afterward, participants learned that the message came from a source that either matched their level of self-monitoring (i.e., an attractive source for high self-monitors and an expert source for low self-monitors) or mismatched it. In the matched condition, participants reported greater conﬁdence in their positive thoughts toward the ad, which resulted in more attitude change (i.e., because the participants’ favorable thoughts in response to the compelling arguments were vali- dated and thus used in forming attitudes). However, it is important to note a few caveats about these validation ﬁndings. First, validation does not always increase persuasion; it simply increases the conﬁdence in whatever thoughts have been generated. When thoughts are negative, then, validation reduces persuasion. For example, Hunt- singer (2013) ﬁrst gave participants strong or weak arguments for an appeal before matching the evalu- ative concepts of the appeal to participants’ affec- tive states. Because this match increased the perceived validity in participants’ message-relevant thoughts, those in the matched (versus mismatched) condition who received strong arguments showed increased persuasion due to their now validated positive thoughts. In contrast, those who received weak arguments exhibited reduced persuasion because of their now validated negative thoughts. Thus, matching can produce a backﬁre effect when it validates negative thoughts about an appeal. Second, matching is only expected to validate a person’s thoughts if the match itself generates a positive meaning. Thus, if an individual reads a health pamphlet with compelling arguments, but later learns that it was provided due to the person’s stigmatized identity, this match would presumably elicit a negative meaning (Derricks & Earl, 2019). In turn, the match’s negative meaning should invali- date the message recipient’s thoughts. Thus, if the health pamphlet initially elicited positive thoughts (due to its compelling arguments), the invalidating match would impart doubt to those positive thoughts, which should reduce persuasion. Finally, for any of these self-validation effects to occur, the validating match should be presented during or after people have already processed the message and not before (e.g., Evans & Clark, 2012). As we discuss next, if the variables creating a per- sonalized match comes before consumers scrutinize the details of message, it is more likely to affect how much they think about or elaborate upon the message (Avnet et al., 2013; DeBono & Harnish, 1988; Huntsinger, 2013). Unconstrained Elaboration: Inﬂuencing the Amount of Elaboration In the prior sections, we described how personal- ized matching could inﬂuence attitudes by different mechanisms according to the recipient’s degree of elaboration. When constrained to states of lower thinking, matching inﬂuences attitudes through var- ious low thought mechanisms (e.g., use of heuristics and affect transfer), but when constrained to states of higher thinking, matching inﬂuences attitudes through more elaborative processes (i.e., being assessed as an argument, biasing thoughts, eliciting Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

metacognitive correction, or validating thoughts). However, consumers are not always constrained to either low or high thinking states. When thinking is unconstrained by other variables, matching can inﬂuence the extent to which they engage in think- ing. Petty et al. (1976) introduced a way to examine whether variables increased or decreased message processing by varying the quality of the arguments in the message along with the variable of interest. This technique has been used subsequently to study how matching (e.g., DeBono & Harnish, 1988), along with many other variables (see Carpenter, 2015), can inﬂuence the extent of elaboration. The basic idea of the argument quality paradigm is that if a variable of interest increases message processing from some baseline, then it should increase persuasion if the arguments in the message are strong (compelling), because the merits of the arguments should be recognized with more think- ing. In contrast, if the arguments in the message are weak (specious), the increased elaboration from the variable of interest should result in reduced persua- sion, because the ﬂaws in the arguments will be recognized with more thinking. Conversely, if the variable of interest reduces thinking about the mes- sage compared to a baseline, then it should enhance persuasion if the arguments are weak (because their ﬂaws will not be recognized) and reduce persua- sion if the arguments are strong (because their cogency will not be realized). Put simply, if a vari- able affects message processing, it should determine how much consumers’ attitudes in response to the appeal are tied to the quality of the arguments pre- sented in the appeal. According to the ELM, when people’s extent of elaboration is not constrained by situational or dis- positional factors, matching can inﬂuence persuasion by either increasing or decreasing message-relevant thinking. It appears that when matching fosters a positive interpretation (e.g., the match suggests self- relevance), it is more likely to increase message pro- cessing, but when it fosters a negative interpretation (e.g., the match implies a boring message), it is likely to decrease processing, though little research has explicitly addressed this prediction or situations in which a negative meaning (e.g., suspicion) could enhance thinking (Priester & Petty, 2003). Matching Can Increase Message Elaboration As noted earlier, a consumer’s overall extent of message-relevant elaboration depends on the over- all motivation and ability to think about the mes- sage. Perhaps the most common method for increasing elaboration is to increase a person’s moti- vation to do so by heightening the perceived per- sonal relevance of the message (Petty & Cacioppo, 1979, 1990). By deﬁnition, personalized matching makes the appeal more personally relevant to the consumer in some way. When this self-relevance is interpreted positively (e.g., this message speaks to me), it is likely to increase thinking about the mes- sage. In one relevant study, Petty and Wegener (1998) gave participants who were unconstrained in their level of elaboration one of two types of sham- poo advertisements: an image ad (i.e., it discussed how the shampoo made one’s hair look) or a qual- ity ad (i.e., it discussed how well the shampoo cleaned one’s hair). For high self-monitors, the image ad was a match, whereas for low self-moni- tors, the quality ad was a match (with the reverse pairings constituting mismatches). In addition, the arguments used to support the image and quality ads were either strong or weak. The key result was that matching enhanced elaboration—the attitudes of those who received the matched (vs. mis- matched) advertisements distinguished more between strong and weak arguments, indicating that the matched appeal led to greater message thinking (see top right panel of Figure 2). Indeed, using this argument quality paradigm, multiple studies employing different matched com- munication factors (i.e., the message content, source, setting) and different matched variables (e.g., goals, identities, and culture) have found that the height- ened relevance of a personally matched message motivates people to elaborate (e.g., DeBono & Tele- sca, 1990; Dimmock et al., 2013; Fujita et al., 2008; Huntsinger, 2013; Perrachio & Meyers-Levy, 1997; See et al., 2009; Updegraff et al., 2007; Wan & Rucker, 2013; Wheeler et al., 2005). Other research highlights how matched messages can also be easier to process (See et al., 2008; Thompson & Hamilton, 2006), which enhances people’s ability to elaborate on the message (Wood et al., 1995; Wu & Shaffer, 1987). For example, matching the content of a mes- sage to regulatory focus can increase elaboration through the heightened ease and ﬂuency consumers experience when processing the message (Lee & Aaker, 2004). A depiction of some examples in which various kinds of matching have enhanced motivation or ability to elaborate using the argument quality paradigm can be found in Figure 2. The data in Figure 2 make it clear that even when matching elicits a positive meaning and enhances elaboration, this does not mean that persuasion will necessarily also be enhanced. In particular, when the arguments provided by the matched appeal are Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

relatively weak, matching is likely to backﬁre and reduce persuasion. Thus, although the ﬁrst part of our review documented that many kinds of person- alized matches can enhance persuasion, this is most likely to be true when the message contains reason- ably strong arguments. If it contains weak argu- ments and the match increases the extent of processing, this persuasive strategy would likely backﬁre. Of course, if thinking was low and the matching served as a simple positive cue, then it would enhance persuasion regardless of the quality of the arguments presented. Matching Can Decrease Message Elaboration Although the personalized matching literature has predominantly shown how matching increases elaboration (presumably because it has largely examined situations in which matching produces positive meanings), there are also cases when matching reduces elaboration. For example, if the personalized match generates a negative meaning, it could reduce elaboration due to consumers’ moti- vation to ignore the appeal (e.g., the consumer per- ceives the advertisement is trying to manipulate them and thus wants to limit exposure to it; Xu, 2015). Probably, the most common instance of when matching decreases elaboration is when a message matches the particular expectations that consumers have about the message content. For instance, Smith and Petty (1996) used the headline of an advertisement to manipulate participants’ expectations about its arguments (i.e., whether it would provide gain-framed or loss-framed Figure 2. The graphs represent an illustrative set of how strong and weak arguments have inﬂuenced attitudes given a personalized matched (vs. mismatched) appeal over the past 25 years. In Debono and Harnish (1988, Study 1), the message source (expert/attractive) was matched to self-monitoring (low/high) for attitudes toward a sage arguments (quality/image) were matched to self-monitoring (2007, Study 1), the message framing (gain/loss) was matched to controversial calendar. In Petty and Wegner (1998, Study 2), the mes- (low/high) for attitudes toward a shampoo product. In Updegraff et al. motivational orientation (approach/avoidance) for agreement with a proﬂossing advertisement. In Fujita et al. (2008, Study 3), the message framing (distant/near) was matched to construal level (abstract/ concrete) on willingness to donate to a wildlife organization. In stract) were matched to conﬁdence (low/high) on attitudes toward (long-term/short-term) was matched to chronic time orientation Wan and Rucker (2013, Study 4), the message arguments (concrete/ab- a ﬁtness club. In Dimmock et al. (2013, Study 1), the message framing (future/present) on attitudes toward a self-improvement class. Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

arguments). When the content matched partici- pants’ expectations, it produced less elaboration (as indexed through a reduced argument quality effect) than when it mismatched. Therefore, this match reduced persuasion when the arguments were strong but increased it when they were weak. Such congruence between a consumer’s expectation and the message content, source, or setting can signal that the recipient already possesses the relevant information, reducing the perceived novelty of the information, and thus the motivation to think about it (Baker & Petty, 1994; Clark et al., 2008; Ziegler et al., 2002). Put differently, violating expectations through a mismatch of factors can suggest that something unique, interesting, or surprising is going to be presented that warrants scrutiny (see also Koenig et al., 2009; Fridman et al., 2018). Unfortunately, there is limited research on instances when matching reduces elaboration in order for us to provide a more comprehensive accounting of when these effects might occur. For example, although we demonstrated how matching can reduce elaboration through motivational pro- cesses, at the present time, there is no research doc- umenting how a match might reduce elaboration by affecting ability. One could speculate that if the personalized match generated a high amount of arousal because the appeal’s self-relevance is partic- ularly exciting or anxiety-inducing, it could inhibit message processing (i.e., as arousal disrupts elabo- ration; Sanbonmatsu & Kardes, 1988). Future research would beneﬁt from considering when per- sonalized matching reduces elaboration, either through its effects on consumers’ ability or motiva- tion to process messages. Strength of Personalized Matches We have now outlined how different forms of per- sonalized matching can inﬂuence persuasion through different psychological processes. How- ever, our discussion so far may make it appear that the attitude change consequences do not differ as a function of the process through which the match operated. As we alluded to already, the ELM holds that the psychological processes responsible for per- suasion can be important in determining whether any attitude change is consequential or not. By con- sequential, we mean the extent to which the atti- tudes resulting from matched persuasion are relatively enduring over time, resistant to change when attacked, and/or are impactful on behavior. Attitudes that are consequential are considered “strong,” whereas those that are not have been labeled “weak” (Krosnick & Petty, 1995). According to the ELM, attitude changes brought about by higher elaboration processes tend to be stronger (Petty et al., 1995; Rucker, Petty, & Priester, 2007). For example, imagine that a message matched to a consumer’s identity produced “3 units of attitude change,” either by serving as a cue under low thinking conditions or by biasing thoughts under high thinking conditions. Although the extent of change is the same in both cases, the attitude change produced by the high thinking process is postulated to be more consequential (e.g., more pre- dictive of behavior; Petty et al., 1983). Interestingly, despite considerable research sup- porting this postulate of the ELM for many differ- ent variables (e.g., Haugtvedt & Petty, 1992), there is relatively little work examining it in the context of personalized matching. In one example, Pierro et al. (2012) provided either brief or lengthy mes- sages to individuals who were either motivated or not motivated to elaborate. Long messages match the proclivities of those motivated to think, and short messages match those who are unmotivated. They measured attitudes immediately and then again three weeks later. Whereas attitudes showed effects when measured immediately in both of the matched conditions, only the effect of the high- thought match persisted three weeks later. Thus, this work suggests that instantiating matches when consumers are elaborating more (vs. less) will pro- duce more impactful inﬂuence, though much more work on this topic is needed. Assuming that matching effects resulting from high versus low thought processes do produce more consequential attitudes, it becomes important to know whether different variables or different kinds of matches might inﬂuence the corresponding attitude change processes to different degrees. In other words, is it possible that some kinds of matches evoke their underlying processes (and thereby consequences) to a greater extent than others? For example, under low thinking condi- tions, some matches might serve as more powerful cues than others. Or, when thinking is uncon- strained, some matches might affect message pro- cessing to a greater extent than others. If so, these “stronger matches” might be particularly valuable for marketers, because these would be the kind most likely to elicit the corresponding persuasion process and subsequent downstream consequences. Thus, we next address which types of matches might differentially impact the underlying psycho- logical process associated with attitude change. Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

Strengthening Matches by Targeting Consequential Dimensions As one type of dimension potentially more impactful for matching processes, we consider those that are likely more consequential or important to the consumer (e.g., the consumer’s morality) com- pared to those that are likely less consequential (e.g., the consumer’s favorite color). Previous research has demonstrated that features of a con- sumer’s psychology can vary in how meaningful they are for the person, including the consumer’s emotions (Talarico et al., 2004), their goals and motivations (DeMarree et al., 2012), their attitude bases (Skitka & Morgan, 2014), their identities (Guadagno & Burger, 2007; Shoots-Reinhard et al., 2015), and even their cultural orientation (Swann & Buhrmester, 2015). Accordingly, matching the mes- sage content, source, or setting to a more important dimension of the consumer could potentially inﬂu- ence the relevant psychological process in a more powerful way. Thus, in deciding which dimension to target with a personalized match, it would be beneﬁcial to know which characteristics are likely to be more consequential for the intended message recipient. From the attitude strength literature (Petty & Krosnick, 1995), a number of attitudinal features have been identiﬁed that indicate an attitude’s degree of impact—features likely relevant to other consumer characteristics. For example, attitudes that have resulted from greater thinking (Barden & Petty, 2008), or are held with greater certainty (Rucker et al., 2014), or come to mind faster (Hodges & Wilson, 1994), or are self-deﬁning (Oyserman, 2009; Zunick et al., 2017), or are based on one’s morality (Luttrell et al., 2016) typically sig- nal a more impactful attitude. Thus, matching a message to dimensions (e.g., functions and identi- ties) with these qualities will likely amplify the cor- responding persuasion process. In one illustration, participants exhibited greater elaboration of a per- suasive appeal when the message frame matched a chronically stronger (vs. weaker) aspect of their identity (Evans & Petty, 2003). Similarly, an adver- tisement matched to a social identity that had been manipulated to be more important resulted in greater product-relevant purchase intentions (Reed, 2004). Still, future research is needed to know which dimensions might be most meaningful for consumers in strengthening matches (e.g., such as matching messages to attitudes that consumers desire to hold but are not held already; DeMarree et al., 2014). Strengthening Matches by Targeting Distinct Dimensions In addition to the characteristics of the con- sumer that are naturally more consequential, char- acteristics that situationally reﬂect socially distinct traits also tend to elicit stronger personalized matching effects. For example, although one’s gen- der might not be a particularly meaningful dimen- sion to a consumer, when that consumer’s gender is in the minority, the social distinctiveness might make it a more impactful target for matching pro- cesses. Indeed, in one study (Forehand et al., 2002), when participants’ Asian identities were primed, those who perceived this identity as dis- tinctive (i.e., as a minority identity in their social context) exhibited more positive attitudes toward an advertisement matching that social identity than those for whom the identity was not distinc- tive (see also Grier & Deshpand e, 2001; Horcajo et al., 2010b). Thus, in designing personally matched appeals, it is valuable to consider which consumer dimensions might socially distinguish them, because these dimensions should better elicit the intended psychological process. Of course, if con- sumers believe that targeting their socially distinct trait is stigmatizing, the augmented psychological processes would produce consequences in line with matches that generate negative meanings as described earlier (Derricks & Earl, 2019). Strengthening Matches by Targeting Multiple Characteristics As another approach for strengthening matches, one could target not only different types of dimen- sions but also multiple characteristics simultaneously (Kalyanaraman & Sundar, 2006; Strecher et al., 2008). For example, Joyal-Desmarais et al. (2020) gave participants a message advocating that they try eating a novel food (edible insects) that varied both in its regulatory focus (gain vs. loss framed) and its self-construal (interdependent vs. indepen- dent). These researchers found an additive effect of targeting multiple characteristics, where the mes- sages that matched both characteristics (vs. only one or neither) were the most persuasive. In a simi- lar way, Webb et al. (2005) compared the persua- sive effectiveness of three types of smoking cessation messages: a nonpersonalized message, a minimally personalized message (i.e., containing the participant’s name), and an extensively person- alized message (i.e., including 50 matches). The more personalized the message was, the more Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

effective it tended to be across a variety of smok- ing-relevant outcome measures. In targeting many (vs. a few) dimensions, one future area of research would be to examine how the relatedness of the matched dimensions them- selves might inﬂuence persuasion. For instance, multiple-dimension matching might be most effec- tive when the matched dimensions are somehow matched themselves (e.g., matching an appeal to a consumer’s feeling of disgust in addition to their moral beliefs, two dimensions which have been shown to be interrelated; Schnall et al., 2008). Indeed, in the study on multiple-dimension match- ing just described (Joyal-Desmarais et al., 2020), both regulatory focus and self-construal have been previously linked (e.g., Aaker & Lee, 2001). Even so, although this and other approaches to multiple- dimension matching might enhance the underlying psychological process (e.g., serve as a more positive cue when thinking is low), it is important to note that the more dimensions of the consumer that are matched, the more likely the consumer might be to view the message negatively (e.g., as manipulative; van Doorn & Hoekstra, 2013). Strengthening Matches with Moderators As a ﬁnal approach to strengthening matching, we consider whether personalized matching is a more effective persuasion technique for some peo- ple than others. Although this is an important ques- tion, there has been relatively little work addressing it. In the study just mentioned on personalized mes- sages for smoking cessation (Webb et al., 2005), the researchers also assessed the extent to which the participants held a na€ıve theory about matching (i.e., possessed lay beliefs that personalizing was effec- tive). Speciﬁcally, participants were asked whether, to be effective, a smoking treatment needed to be tailored. The more the participants endorsed this view, the more effective the personalized treatments were. In another study, this time on weight reduc- tion (Holt et al., 2000), recipients who were high in perceived internal control over their weight showed greater inﬂuence from the tailored (vs. standard) messages in comparison with those who were low in their perceived internal control. Future work should address whether perceived control in other domains, or locus of control more generally (Rotter, 1990), would moderate personalization effects. Perhaps most relevant to the ideas in this review, another potentially important moderator is an indi- vidual’s chronic tendency to process media mes- sages carefully or more heuristically (Schemer et al., 2008). In one study examining this (Hooper et al., 2013), smokers were exposed to either an exten- sively personalized message or a more standard one in support of smoking cessation (cf., Webb et al., 2005). Message effectiveness was assessed at different points in time—7 days, 3 months, or 6 months after treatment. Although the personal- ized message generally worked better than the stan- dard one at the shortest time interval, this matching effect was especially pronounced for people who tended to process media messages in a cursory way. Without an argument quality manipulation, however, we cannot know whether the matching effect for low thinkers was due to the personaliza- tion serving as a simple cue or whether the person- alization enhanced thinking about the message resulting in more favorable thoughts (whereas high thinkers were likely processing regardless of per- sonalization). Prior research has shown that people who generally do not like to think can be especially inﬂuenced to elaborate by inductions that provide some external motivation to do so, whereas high thinkers are less impacted by such treatments (see Petty et al., 2009). In sum, an examination of mod- erators of matching effects (both individual and sit- uational) is a promising direction for future research, and moderators that link to the underly- ing processes of persuasion could be especially fruitful candidates for consideration. Nonpersonalized Matching In this review, we focused on personalized match- ing in which the match always involved a charac- teristic of the message recipient. However, in the persuasion literature, matching has been construed more broadly to include any kind of congruity between two factors in the persuasion context (Petty et al., 2000). We focused on personalized matching because this is both the most researched form of matching and the one in which managers are likely most interested in implementing effec- tively. Nonetheless, nonpersonalized matching has been studied and can have similar impacts. For example, instead of matching the message content to the message recipient as in personalized match- ing (e.g., a message using conﬁdent language pre- sented to a powerful audience; Dubois et al., 2016), one can match the message content to the message source (e.g., a message using conﬁdent language presented by an expert source who is expected to be conﬁdent; Karmarkar & Tormala, 2009). Or one can match two message features, such as when Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

hedonic (vs. utilitarian) products are described in affective (vs. cognitive) language (Rocklage & Fazio, 2020). Although we lack the space to review nonper- sonalized matching studies here, it is important to note that such matches plausibly have been shown to affect attitudes by the same psychological pro- cesses as personalized matches (though, for a dis- cussion of some potential differences, see Kim & Sundar, 2012). One important possible difference is that nonpersonalized matches might be less prone to eliciting negative meanings. Whereas highly per- sonalized matches can be interpreted as intrusions on privacy, nonpersonalized matches would be less likely to generate these interpretations because no speciﬁc feature of the consumer is incorporated into the appeal. Nonetheless, future research should examine parallels and differences between personal- ized and nonpersonalized matching outcomes and processes. Conclusion Our aim in this review was to go beyond the prior wisdom that “personalized matching is good,” to elucidate when and why this is the case and when and why the opposite could occur. To do so, we ﬁrst distinguished between two broad types of matching, focusing on personalized (rather than nonpersonalized) matching and the factors in the persuasion context through which it can be elicited (i.e., a match between some aspect of the recipient of the message and compatible aspects of the mes- sage content, source, or setting). We then detailed a host of variables that have exhibited effective per- sonalized matching effects, before providing a theo- retical account of when and how matching can affect persuasion. In describing these psychological processes, we explained when matching would be expected to enhance versus reduce persuasion (backﬁre) as a function of the meaning the match generates and the process through which it oper- ates. For example, when matching conveys personal relevance, it could motivate more thinking about the appeal, resulting in greater inﬂuence when the arguments are strong but resulting in a backﬁre effect when the arguments are weak. We also noted that understanding the mechanisms underlying matching is a critical consideration because it has consequences for short- and long-term persuasion. We hope these efforts provide consumer researchers and managers with guidance in implementing the most effective forms of personally matched appeals, while also providing consumers with some under- standing of how matching can inﬂuence them, help- ing to provide protection from unwanted targeting effects. REFERENCES Aaker, J. L., & Lee, A. Y. (2001). "I" seek pleasures and "we" avoid pains: The role of self-regulatory goals in information processing and persuasion. Journal of Per- sonality and Social Psychology, 86, 205–218. Aaker, J. L., & Williams, P. (1998). Empathy versus pride: The inﬂuence of emotional appeals across cultures. Journal of Consumer Research, 25, 241–261. Abelson, R. P., & Prentice, D. A. (1989). Beliefs as posses- sions: A functional perspective. In A. R. Pratkanis, S. J. Breckler, & A. G. Greenwald (Eds.), Attitude structure and function (pp. 361–379). Psychology Press. Abrahamse, W., Steg, L., Vlek, C., & Rothengatter, T. (2007). The effect of tailored information, goal setting, and tailored feedback on household energy use, energy-related behaviors, and behavioral antecedents. Journal of Environmental Psychology, 27, 65–276. Appelt, K. C., Zou, X., & Higgins, E. T. (2010). Feeling right or being right: When strong assessment yields strong correction. Motivation and Emotion, 34, 1138–1142. Aquino, A., Alparone, F. R., Pagliaro, S., Haddock, G., Maio, G. R., Perrucci, M. G., & Ebisch, S. J. H. (2020). Sense or sensibility? The neuro-functional basis of the structural matching effect in persuasion. Cognitive, Affective, and Behavioral Neuroscience, 20, 536–550. Aune, R. K., & Kikuchi, T. (1993). Effects of language intensity similarity on perceptions of credibility, rela- tional attributions, and persuasion. Journal of Language and Social Psychology, 12, 224–238. Avnet, T., Laufer, D., & Higgins, E. T. (2013). Are all experiences of ﬁt created equal? Two paths to persua- sion. Journal of Consumer Psychology, 23, 301–316. Baker, S. M., & Petty, R. E. (1994). Majority and minority inﬂuence: Source-position imbalance as a determinant of message scrutiny. Journal of Personality and Social Psy- chology, 67, 5–19. Bakker, A. B. (1999). Persuasive communication about AIDS prevention: Need for cognition determines the impact of message format. AIDS Education and Preven- tion, 11, 150–162. Banai, B., Laustsen, L., Banai, I. P., & Bovan, K. (2018). Presidential, but not prime minister, candidates with lower pitched voices stand a better chance of winning the election in conservative countries. Evolutionary Psy- chology, 16, 1–12. Barber a, P., Jost, J. T., Nagler, J., Tucker, J. A., & Bonneau, R. (2015). Tweeting from left to right: Is online political communication more than an echo chamber? Psycholog- ical Science, 26, 1531–1542. Barden, J., & Petty, R. E. (2008). The mere perception of elaboration creates attitude certainty: Exploring the Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

thoughtfulness heuristic. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 95, 489–509. Bargh, J. A., Gollwitzer, P. M., & Oettingen, G. (2010). Motivation. In S. T. Fiske, D. T. Gilbert, & G. Lindzey (Eds.), Handbook of social psychology (pp. 268–316). Hoboken, NJ: Wiley. Bayes, R., Druckman, J. N., Goods, A., & Molden, D. C. (2020). When and how different motives can drive motivated political reasoning. Political Psychology.41, 1031–1052. Bian, X., & Wang, K. (2015). Are size-zero female models always more effective than average-sized ones? Depends on brand and self-esteem!. European Journal of Marketing, 49, 1184–1206. Bleidorn, W., Sch€onbrodt, F., Gebauer, J. E., Rentfrow, P. J., Potter, J., & Gosling, S. D. (2016). To live among like-minded others: Exploring the links between per- son-city personality ﬁt and self-esteem. Psychological Science, 27, 1–9. Bleier, A., & Eisenbeiss, M. (2015). The importance of trust for personalized online advertising. Journal of Retailing, 91, 390–409. Bochner, S. (1996). Pre-election perceptions of politicians and their promises as a function of the reference group match between speaker and listener. Asian Journal of Communication, 6, 89–110. Bosmans, A., & Baumgartner, H. (2005). Goal-relevant emotional information: When extraneous affect leads to persuasion and when it does not. Journal of Consumer Research, 32, 424–434. Bostrom, A., B€ohm, G., & O’Connor, R. E. (2013). Target- ing and tailoring climate change communications. Wiley Interdisciplinary Reviews: Climate Change, 4, 447–455. Breckler, S. J., & Wiggins, E. C. (1989). Affect versus eval- uation in the structure of attitudes. Journal of Experimen- tal Social Psychology, 25, 253–271. Brehm, J. W. (1966). A theory of psychological reactance, New York: Academic Press. Bridges, E., & Florsheim, R. (2008). Hedonic and utilitar- ian shopping goals: The online experience. Journal of Business Research, 61, 309–314. Bri~nol, P., & K. G. DeMarree (Eds.) (2012). Social metacog- nition, New York, NY: . Psychology Press. Bri~nol, P., & Petty, R. E. (2009). Persuasion: Insights from the self-validation hypothesis. In M. P. Zanna (Ed.), Advances in Experimental Social Psychology (Vol. 41, pp. 69–118). New York, NY: Elsevier. Bri~nol, P., & Petty, R. E. (2012). The history of attitudes and persuasion research. In A. Kruglanski, & W. Stroebe (Eds.), Handbook of the history of social psychology (pp. 285–320). Psychology Press. Bri~nol, P., Petty, R. E., Durso, G. R. O., & Rucker, D. D. (2017). Power and persuasion: Processes by which per- ceived power can inﬂuence evaluative judgments. Review of General Psychology, 21, 223–241. Bri~nol, P., Petty, R. E., Santos, D., & Mello, J. (2018). Mean- ing moderates the persuasive effect of physical actions: Buying, selling, touching, carrying, and cleaning thoughts as if they were commercial products. Journal of the Association for Consumer Research, 2, 460–471. Bri~nol, P., Petty, R. E., & Tormala, Z. L. (2004). Self-vali- dation of cognitive responses to advertisements. Journal of Consumer Research, 30, 559–573. Bri~nol, P., Rucker, D. D., & Petty, R. E. (2015). Na€ıve the- ories about persuasion: Implication for information pro- cessing and consumer attitude change. International Journal of Advertising, 34, 85–106. Brumbaugh, A. M. (2002). Source and nonsource cues in advertising and their effects on the activation of cul- tural and subcultural knowledge on the route to per- suasion. Journal of Consumer Research, 29, 258–269. Cacioppo, J. T., & Petty, R. E. (1982). The need for cogni- tion. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 42, 116– 131. Cacioppo, J. T., & Petty, R. E. (1989). Effects of message repetition on argument processing, recall, and persua- sion. Basic and Applied Social Psychology, 10, 3–12. Cacioppo, J. T., Petty, R. E., & Morris, K. J. (1983). Effects of need for cognition on message evaluation, recall, and persuasion. Journal of Personality and Social Psychol- ogy, 45, 805–818. Carpenter, C. J. (2012). A meta-analysis of the functional matching effect based on functional attitude theory. Southern Communication Journal, 77, 438–451. Carpenter, C. J. (2015). A meta-analysis of the ELM’s argument quality X processing type predictions. Human Communication Research, 41, 501–534. Carver, C. S., & White, T. L. (1994). Behavioral inhibition, behavioral activation, and affective responses to impending reward and punishment: The BIS/BAS Scales. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 67, 319–333. Cavazza, N., Graziani, A. R., Serpe, A., & Rubichi, S. (2010). Right-wing face, left-wing faces: The matching effect in the realm of political persuasion. Social Inﬂu- ence, 5, 1–22. Cesario, J., Corker, K. S., & Jelinek, S. (2013). A self-regu- latory framework for message framing. Journal of Exper- imental Social Psychology, 49, 238–249. Cesario, J., Grant, H., & Higgins, E. T. (2004). Regulatory ﬁt and persuasion: Transfer from "feeling right.". Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 86, 388–404. Cesario, J., & Higgins, E. T. (2008). Making message recipients “feel right” how nonverbal cues can increase persuasion. Psychological Science, 19, 415–420. Cesario, J., Higgins, E. T., & Scholer, A. A. (2008). Regula- tory ﬁt and persuasion: Basic principles and remaining questions. Social and Personality Psychology Compass, 2, 444–463. Chaiken, S., & Maheswaran, D. (1994). Heuristic process- ing can bias systematic processing: Effects of source credibility, argument ambiguity, and task importance on attitude judgment. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 66, 460–473. Chebat, J. C., & Michon, R. (2003). Impact of ambient odors on mall shoppers’ emotions, cognition, and Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

spending: A test of competitive causal theories. Journal of Business Research, 56, 529–539. Chien, Y., & Hsiao, C. (2015). Be yourself, image is noth- ing: Bias correction when viewing ads in sequence. Social Inﬂuence, 10, 19–30. Chien, Y., Wegener, D. T., Hsiao, C., & Petty, R. E. (2010). Dimensional range overlap and context effects in consumer judgments. Journal of Consumer Research, 37, 530–542. Chitturi, R., Raghunathan, R., & Mahajan, V. (2008). Delight by design: The role of hedonic versus utilitarian beneﬁts. Journal of Marketing, 72, 48–63. Cho, H., & Choi, J. (2010). Predictors and the role of atti- tude toward the message and perceived message qual- ity in gain- and loss-frame antidrug persuasion of adolescents. Health Communication, 25, 303–311. Clark, J. K., Wegener, D. T., & Fabrigar, L. R. (2008). Atti- tude accessibility and message processing: The moder- ating role of message position. Journal of Experimental Social Psychology, 44, 354–361. Clark, J. K., Wegener, D. T., Sawicki, V., Petty, R. E., & Bri~nol, P. (2013). Evaluating the message or the messen- ger? Implications for self-validation in persuasion. Per- sonality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 39, 1571–1584. Clarkson, J. J., Tormala, Z. L., & Rucker, D. D. (2011). Cognitive and affective matching effects in persuasion: An ampliﬁcation perspective. Personality and Social Psy- chology Bulletin, 37, 1415–1427. Clary, E. G., Snyder, M., Ridge, R. D., Miene, P. K., & Hau- gen, J. A. (1994). Matching messages to motives in persua- sion: A functional approach to promoting volunteerism. Journal of Applied Social Psychology, 24, 1129–1146. Coe, C. M., Canelo, K. S., Vue, K., Hibbing, M. V., & Nicholson, S. P. (2017). The physiology of framing effects: Threat sensitivity and the persuasiveness of political arguments. Journal of Politics, 79, 1465–1468. Crites, S. L., Fabrigar, L. R., & Petty, R. E. (1994). Measur- ing the affective and cognitive properties of attitudes: Conceptual and methodological issues. Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 20, 619–634. David, P., Henry, A., Srivastava, J., Orcena, J., & Thrush, J. (2012). Reactance to a tailored multimedia interven- tion encouraging teachers to promote cover-the-cough. Journal of Health Communication, 17, 915–928. Day, M. V., Fiske, S. T., Downing, E. L., & Trail, T. E. (2014). Shifting liberal and conservative attitudes using moral foundations theory. Personality and Social Psychol- ogy Bulletin, 40, 1559–1573. DeBono, K. G. (1987). Investigating the social-adjustive and value-expressive functions of attitudes: Implica- tions for persuasion processes. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 52, 279–287. DeBono, K. G. (2006). Self-monitoring and consumer psy- chology. Journal of Personality, 74, 715–738. DeBono, K. G., & Harnish, R. J. (1988). Source expertise, source attractiveness, and the processing of persuasive information: A functional approach. Journal of Personal- ity and Social Psychology, 55, 541–546. DeBono, K. G., & Packer, M. (1991). The effects of adver- tising appeal on perceptions of product quality. Person- ality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 17, 194–200. DeBono, K. G., & Telesca, C. (1990). The inﬂuence of source physical attractiveness on advertising effective- ness: A functional perspective. Journal of Applied Social Psychology, 20, 1383–1395. DeMarree, K. G., Loersch, C., Bri~nol, P., Petty, R. E., Payne, B. K., & Rucker, D. D. (2012). From primed con- struct to motivated behavior: Validation processes in goal pursuit. Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 38, 1659–1670. DeMarree, K. G., Wheeler, S. C., Bri~nol, P., & Petty, R. E. (2014). Wanting other attitudes: Actual-desired attitude discrepancies predict feelings of ambivalence and ambivalence consequences. Journal of Experimental Social Psychology, 53, 5–18. Derricks, V., & Earl, A. (2019). Targeting increases the weight of stigma: Leveraging relevance backﬁres when people feel judged. Journal of Experimental Social Psychol- ogy, 82, 277–293. Desphand e, R., & Stayman, D. (1994). A tale of two cities: Distinctiveness theory and advertising effectiveness. Journal of Marketing Research, 31, 57–64. DeSteno, D., Petty, R. E., Rucker, D. D., Wegener, D. T., & Braverman, J. (2004). Discrete emotions and persua- sion: The role of emotion-induced expectancies. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 86, 43–56. Di Muro, F., & Murray, K. B. (2012). An arousal regula- tion explanation of mood effects on consumer choice. Journal of Consumer Research, 39, 574–584. Dijkstra, A. (2005). Working mechanisms of computer-tai- lored health education: Evidence from smoking cessa- tion. Health Education Research, 20, 527–539. Dijkstra, A. (2008). The psychology of tailoring-ingredi- ents in computer-tailored persuasion. Social and Person- ality Psychology Compass, 2, 765–784. Dimmock, J. A., Jackson, B., Clear, S. E., & Law, K. H. (2013). Matching temporal frame to recipients’ time ori- entation in exercise messaging: Does argument quality matter? Psychology of Sport and Exercise, 14, 804–812. Dub e, L., & Cantin, I. (2000). Promoting health or pro- moting pleasure? A contingency approach to the effect of informational and emotional appeals on food liking and consumption. Appetite, 35, 251–262. Dubois, D., Rucker, D. D., & Galinsky, A. D. (2016). Dynamics of communicator and audience power. Jour- nal of Consumer Research, 43, 68–85. Dunlosky, J., & Metcalfe, J. (2009). Metacognition, Thou- sand Oaks, CA: . SAGE Publications, Inc.. Eagly, A. H., & Chaiken, S. (1993). The psychology of atti- tudes, United Kingdom: . Harcourt, Brace, & Janovich College Publishers. Edwards, K. (1990). The interplay of affect and cognition in attitude formation and change. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 59, 202–216. Edwards, K., & von Hippel, W. (1995). Hearts and minds: The priority of affective versus cognitive factors in Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

person perception. Personality and Social Psychology Bul- letin, 21, 996–1011. El Hazzouri, M., & Hamilton, L. K. (2019). Why us?! How members of minority groups react to public health advertisements featuring their own group. Jour- nal of Public Policy and Marketing, 38, 372–390. Eschert, S., Diehl, M., & Ziegler, R. (2017). Gaining eco- nomic proﬁt or losing cultural security: Framing per- suasive arguments for two types of conservatives. Journal of Social and Political Psychology, 5, 8–28. Evans, A. T., & Clark, J. K. (2012). Source characteristics and persuasion: The role of self-monitoring in self-validation. Journal of Experimental Social Psychology, 40, 596–607. Evans, L. M., & Petty, R. E. (2003). Self-guide framing and persuasion: Responsibly increasing message pro- cessing to ideal levels. Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 29, 313–324. Fabrigar, L. R., & Petty, R. E. (1999). The role of the affec- tive and cognitive bases of attitudes in susceptibility to affectively and cognitively based persuasion. Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 25, 363–381. Fan, X., Chang, E. C., & Wegener, D. T. (2015). Two- or one-dimensional view of arousal? Exploring tense and energetic arousal routes to consumer attitudes. European Journal of Marketing, 49, 1417–1435. Feinberg, M., & Willer, R. (2015). From gulf to bridge: When do moral arguments facilitate political inﬂuence? Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 41, 1665–1681. Festinger, L. (1950). Informal social communication. Psy- chological Review, 57, 271–282. Fishbach, A., & Ferguson, M. J. (2013). The goal construct in social psychology. In A. W. Kruglanski, & E. T. Hig- gins (Eds.), Social psychology: Handbook of basic principles (pp. 490–515). New York, NY: The Guilford Press. Fishbein, M., & Ajzen, I. (1975). Belief, attitude, intention, and behavior: An introduction to theory and research, Read- ing, MA: . Addison-Wesley. Fleming, M. A., & Petty, R. E. (2000). Identity and persua- sion: An elaboration likelihood approach. In D. J. Terry, & M. A. Hogg (Eds.), Attitudes, behavior, and social con- text: The role of norms and group membership (pp. 171– 199). Erlbaum. Forehand, M. R., Deshpand e, R., & Reed, I. I. (2002). Identity salience and the inﬂuence of differential activa- tion of the social self-schema on advertising response. Journal of Applied Psychology, 87, 1086. Fransen, M. L., Reinders, M. J., Bartels, J., & Maassen, R. L. (2010). The inﬂuence of regulatory ﬁt on evaluation and intentions to buy genetically modiﬁed foods: The mediating role of social identiﬁcation. Journal of Market- ing Communications, 16, 5–20. Fransen, M. L., & ter Hoven, C. L. (2013). Matching the message: The role of regulatory ﬁt in negative manage- rial communication. Communication Research, 40, 818–837. Fridman, I., Ubel, P. A., & Higgins, E. T. (2018). Eye- tracking evidence shows that non-ﬁt messaging impacts attention, attitudes and choice. PLoS One, 13, e0205993. Friestad, M., & Wright, P. (1994). The persuasion knowl- edge model: How people cope with persuasion attempts. Journal of Consumer Research, 21, 1–31. Fujita, K., Eyal, T., Chaiken, S., Trope, Y., & Liberman, N. (2008). Inﬂuencing attitudes toward near and distant objects. Journal of Experimental Social Psychology, 227, 9044–9062. Gardner, W. L., Gabriel, S., & Lee, A. Y. (1999). ‘I’ value freedom, but ‘we’ value relationships: Self-construal priming mirrors cultural differences in judgment. Psy- chological Science, 10, 321–326. Gawronski, B., Bodenhausen, G. V., & Becker, A. P. (2007). I like it, because I like myself: Associative self- anchoring and post-decisional change of implicit evalu- ations. Journal of Experimental Social Psychology, 43, 221– 232. Gerend, M. A., & Shepherd, J. E. (2007). Using message framing to promote acceptance of the human papillo- mavirus vaccine. Health Psychology, 26, 745–752. Gibney, E. (2018). The scant science behind Cambridge Analytica’s controversial marketing techniques. Nature. Retrieved from https://www.nature.com/articles/ d41586-018-03880-4 Goldberg, L. R. (1990). An alternative “description of per- sonality”: The big-ﬁve factor structure. Journal of Person- ality and Social Psychology, 59, 1216–1229. Gounaris, S., Koritos, C., & Vassilikopoulou, K. (2010). Person–place congruency in the internet banking con- text. Journal of Business Research, 63, 943–949. Graeff, T. R. (1996). Using promotional messages to man- age the effects of brand and self-image on brand evalu- ations. Journal of Consumer Marketing, 13, 4–18. Graham, J., Haidt, J., & Nosek, B. A. (2009). Liberals and conservatives rely on different sets of moral founda- tions. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 96, 1029–1046. Grier, S. A., & Deshpand e, R. (2001). Social dimensions of consumer distinctiveness: The inﬂuence of social status on group identity and advertising persuasion. Journal of Marketing Research, 38, 216–224. Grigorenko, E. L., & Sternberg, R. J. (1995). Thinking styles. International handbook of personality and intelligence (pp. 205–229). Springer. Griskevicius, V., Tybur, J. M., Gangestad, S. W., Perea, E. F., Shapiro, J. R., & Kenrick, D. T. (2009). Agrees to impress: Hostility as an evolved context-dependent strategy. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 96, 980–994. Guadagno, R. E., & Burger, J. M. (2007). Self-concept clar- ity and responsiveness to false feedback. Social Inﬂu- ence, 2, 159–177. Guyer, J. J., Bri~nol, P., Petty, R. E., & Horcajo, J. (2019). Nonverbal behavior of persuasive sources: A multiple process analysis. Journal of Nonverbal Behavior, 23, 211– 229. Haddock, G., & Maio, G. R. (2019). Inter-individual dif- ferences in attitude content: Cognition, affect, and Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

attitudes. Advances in Experimental Social Psychology, 59, 53–102. Haddock, G., Maio, G. R., Arnold, K., & Huskinson, T. L. H. (2008). Should persuasion be affective or cognitive? The moderating effects of need for affect and need for cognition. Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 34, 769–778. Haidt, J. (2012). The righteous mind: Why good people are divided by politics and religion, New York: NY: . Pan- theon Books. Han, D., Duhachek, A., & Agrawal, N. (2016). Coping and construal level matching drives health message effectiveness via response efﬁcacy or self-efﬁcacy enhancement. Journal of Consumer Research, 43, 429– 447. Han, S., & Shavitt, S. (1994). Persuasion and culture: Advertising appeals in individualistic and collectivistic societies. Journal of Experimental Social Psychology, 30, 326–350. Harms, P. D., Roberts, B. W., & Winter, D. (2006). Becom- ing the Harvard man: Person-environment ﬁt, personal- ity development, and academic success. Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 32, 851–865. Hartman, T. K., & Weber, C. R. (2009). Who said what? The effects of source cues in issue frames. Political Behavior, 31, 537–558. Hastie, R. (1984). Causes and effects of causal attribution. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 46, 44–56. Haugtvedt, C., & Petty, R. E. (1992). Personality and per- suasion: Need for cognition moderates the persistence and resistance of attitude changes. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 63, 308–319. Hawkins, R. P., Kreuter, M., Resnicow, K., Fishbein, M., & Dijkstra, A. (2008). Understanding tailoring in com- municating about health. Health Education Research, 23, 454–466. Hern, A. (2018). Cambridge Analytica: How did it turn clicks into votes. The Guardian. Retrieved from https://www. theguardian.com/news/2018/may/06/cambridge-an alytica-how-turn-clicks-into-votes-christopher-wylie Higgins, E. T. (2005). Value from regulatory ﬁt. Current Directions in Psychological Science, 14, 209–213. Higgins, E. T., Idson, L. C., Freitas, A. L., Spiegel, S., & Molden, D. C. (2003). Transfer of value from ﬁt. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 84, 1140–1153. Hirsch, J. B., Kang, S. K., & Bodenhausen, G. V. (2012). Personalized persuasion: Tailoring persuasive appeals to recipients’ personality traits. Psychological Science, 23, 578–581. Hodges, S. D., & Wilson, T. D. (1994). Effects of analyzing reasons on attitude change: The moderating role of atti- tude accessibility. Social Cognition, 11, 353–366. Hoffman, F., Inderst, R., & Ottaviani, M. (in press). Per- suasion though selective disclosure: Implications for marketing, campaigning, and privacy regulation. Man- agement Science. Holt, C. L., Clark, E. M., Kreuter, M. W., & Scharff, D. P. (2000). Does locus of control moderate the effects of tailored health education materials? Health Education Research, 15, 393–403. Hooper, M. W., de Ybarra, D. R., & Baker, E. A. (2013). The effect of placebo tailoring on smoking cessation: A randomized control trial. Journal of Consulting and Clini- cal Psychology, 81, 800–809. Horcajo, J., Bri~nol, P., & Petty, R. E. (2010a). Consumer persuasion: Indirect change and implicit balance. Psy- chology and Marketing, 27, 938–963. Horcajo, J., Petty, R. E., & Bri~nol, P. (2010b). The effects of majority versus minority source status on persua- sion: A self-validation analysis. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 99, 498–512. Howard, D. J., & Kerin, R. A. (2011). The effects of name similarity on message processing and persuasion. Jour- nal of Experimental Social Psychology, 47, 63–71. Hsee, C. K., Yang, Y., Zheng, X., & Wang, H. (2015). Lay rationalism: Individual differences in using reason ver- sus feelings to guide decisions. Journal of Marketing Research, 52, 134–146. Huang, Y., & Shen, F. (2016). Effects of cultural tailoring on persuasion in cancer communication: A meta-analy- sis. Journal of Communication, 66, 694–715. Hullett, C. R. (2002). Charting the process underlying the change of value-expressive attitudes: The importance of value-relevance in predicting the matching effect. Com- munication Monographs, 69, 158–178. Hunter, R., & Mukerji, B. (2011). The role of atmospherics in inﬂuencing consumer behaviour in the online envi- ronment. International Journal of Business and Social Science, 2(9), 118–125. Huntsinger, J. R. (2013). Incidental experiences of affective coherence and incoherence inﬂuence persuasion. Per- sonality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 39, 792–802. Ivanic, A. S., Bates, K., & Somasundaram, S. (2014). The role of the accent in radio advertisements to ethnic audiences: Does emphasizing ethnic stereotypes affect spokesperson credibility and purchase intention? Jour- nal of Advertising Research, 54, 407–419. Janoff-Bulman, R. (2009). To provide or protect: Motiva- tional bases of political liberalism and conservatism. Psychological Inquiry, 20, 120–128. Jeong, E., & Jang, S. (2015). Healthy menu promotions: A match between dining value and temporal distance.. International Journal of Hospitality Management, 45, 1–13. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijhm.2014.11.001 Jeong, E. S., Shi, Y., Baazova, A., Chiu, C., Nahai, A., Moons, W. G., & Taylor, S. E. (2011). The relation of approach/avoidance motivation and message framing to the effectiveness of persuasive appeals. Social Inﬂu- ence, 6(1), 15–21. Jones, C. R., Olson, M. A., & Fazio, R. H. (2010). Evalua- tive conditioning: The how question. Advances in Exper- imental Social Psychology, 43, 205–255. Jost, J. T. (2017). The marketplace of ideology: “Elective afﬁnities” in political psychology and their implications for consumer behavior. Journal of Consumer Psychology, 27, 502–520. Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

Jost, J. T., Kruglanski, A. W., & Nelson, T. O. (1998). Social metacognition: An expansionist review. Personal- ity and Social Psychology Review, 2, 137–154. Joyal-Desmarais, K., Rothman, A. J., & Snyder, M. (2020). How do we optimize message matching interventions? Identifying matching thresholds, and simultaneously matching to multiple characteristics. European Journal of Social Psychology, 50, 701–720. Julka, D. L., & Marsh, K. L. (2005). An attitude functions approach to increasing organ-donation participation. Journal of Applied Social Psychology, 35, 821–849. Kalyanaraman, S., & Sundar, S. S. (2006). The psychologi- cal appeal of personalized content in web portals: Does customization affect attitudes and behavior? Journal of Communication, 56, 110–132. Karmarkar, U. R., & Tormala, Z. L. (2010). Believe me, I have no idea what I’m talking about: The effects of source certainty on consumer involvement and persua- sion. Journal of Consumer Research, 36(6), 1033–1049. Karremans, J. C., Stroebe, W., & Claus, J. (2006). Beyond Vicary’s fantasies: The impact of subliminal priming and brand choice. Journal of Experimental Social Psychol- ogy, 42, 792–798. Katz, D. (1960). The functional approach to the study of attitudes. Public Opinion Quarterly, 24, 163–204. Keefer, L. A., Landau, M. J., Sullivan, D., & Rothschild, Z. K. (2014). Embodied metaphor and abstract problem solving: Testing a metaphoric ﬁt hypothesis in the health domain. Journal of Experimental Social Psychology, 55, 12–20. Keer, M., van den Putte, B., de Wit, J., & Neijens, P. (2013). The effects of integrating instrumental and affec- tive arguments in rhetorical and testimonial health messages. Journal of Health Communication, 18, 1148– 1161. Keltner, D., & Lerner, J. S. (2010). Emotion. In S. T. Fiske D. T Gilbert & G. Lindzey (Eds.), Handbook of Social Psychology: Volume 1. (pp. 317–352). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons. Kidwell, B., Farmer, A., & Hardesty, D. M. (2013). Getting liberals and conservatives to go green: Political ideol- ogy and congruent appeals. Journal of Consumer Research, 40, 350–367. Kidwell, B., Lopez-Kidwell, V., Blocker, C., & Mas, E. M. (2020). Birds of a feather feel together: Emotional ability similarity in consumer interactions. Journal of Consumer Research, 47, 215–236. Kim, C. Y., Han, D., Duhacek, A., & Tormala, Z. L. (2018a). Political identity, preference, and persuasion. Social Inﬂuence, 13, 177–191. Kim, J. C., Park, B., & Dubois, D. (2018b). How con- sumers’ political ideology and status-maintenance goals interact to shape their desire for luxury goods. Journal of Marketing, 82, 132–149. Kim, N. Y., & Sundar, S. S. (2012). Personal relevance ver- sus contextual relevance. Journal of Media Psychology, 24, 89–101. Kim, T., Barasz, K., & John, L. K. (2019a). Why am I see- ing this ad? The effect of ad transparency on ad effec- tiveness. Journal of Consumer Research, 45, 906–932. Kim, T., Barasz, K., John, L. K., & Norton, M. I. (2019b). Calculators for women: When identity appeals provoke back- lash, Cambridge, MA: Working Paper. Harvard Busi- ness School. Kim, Y. J. (2006). The role of regulatory focus in message framing in antismoking advertisements for adolescents. Journal of Advertising, 35, 143–151. Klein, K., & Melnyk, V. (2014). Speaking to the mind or the heart: Effects of matching hedonic versus utilitarian arguments and products. Marketing Letters, 27, 131– 142. Koenig, A. M., Cesario, J., Molden, D. C., Kosloff, S., & Higgins, E. T. (2009). Incidental experiences of regula- tory ﬁt and the processing of persuasive appeals. Per- sonality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 35, 1342–1355. Kramer, T., Spolter-Weisfeld, S., & Thakkar, M. (2007). The effect of cultural orientation on consumer responses to personalization. Marketing Science, 26, 246– 258. Kreuter, M. W., Bull, F., Clark, E. M., & Oswald, D. L. (1999). Understanding how people process health infor- mation: A comparison of tailored and untailored weight loss materials. Health Psychology, 18, 487–494. Kreuter, M. W., & Wray, R. J. (2003). Tailored and tar- geted health communication: Strategies for enhancing information relevance. American Journal of Health Behav- ior, 27, 227–232. Kronrod, A., Grinstein, A., & Wathieu, L. (2011). Go green! Should environmental messages be so assertive? Journal of Marketing, 76, 95–102. Krosnick, J. A., & Petty, R. E. (1995). Attitude strength: An overview. In R. E. Petty, & J. A. Krosnick (Eds.), Attitude strength: Antecedents and consequences (pp. 1– 24). Erlbaum. Kteily, N. S., Rocklage, M. D., McClanahan, K., & Ho, A. K. (2019). Political ideology shapes the ampliﬁcation of the accomplishments of disadvantaged vs. advantaged group members. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, 116, 1559–1568. Ku, H. H., Kuo, C. C., & Kuo, T. W. (2012). The effect of scarcity on the purchase intentions of prevention and promotion motivated consumers. Psychology & Market- ing, 29, 541–548. Labroo, A. A., & Lee, A. Y. (2006). Between two brands: A goal ﬂuency account of brand evaluation. Journal of Marketing Research, 43, 374–385. Lammers, J., & Baldwin, M. (2018). Past-focused temporal communication overcomes conservatives’ resistance to liberal political ideas. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 114, 599. Landau, M. J., Arndt, J., & Cameron, L. D. (2018). Do metaphors in health messages work? Exploring emo- tional and cognitive factors. Journal of Experimental Social Psychology, 74, 135–149. Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

Lasswell, H. (1948). The structure and function of com- munication in society. In L. Bryson(Ed.), The communi- cation of ideas, (37–51). New York: Harper and Row. Laustsen, L. (2017). Choosing the right candidate: Obser- vational and experimental evidence that conservatives and liberals prefer powerful and warm candidate per- sonalities, respectively. Political Behavior, 39, 883–908. Laustsen, L., & Petersen, M. B. (2016). Winning faces vary by ideology: How nonverbal source cues inﬂuence elec- tion and communication success in politics. Political Communication, 33, 188–211. Lavine, H., & Snyder, M. (1996). Cognitive processing and the functional matching effect in persuasion: The mediating role of subjective perceptions of message quality. Journal of Experimental Social Psychology, 32, 580–604. Lavine, H., & Snyder, M. (2000). Cognitive processes and the functional matching effect in persuasion: Studies of personality and political behavior. In G. R. Maio, & J. M. Olson (Eds.), Why we evaluate: Functions of attitudes (pp. 97–131). Erlbaum. LeBoeuf, R. A., & Simmons, J. P. (2010). Branding alters attitude functions and reduces the advantage of func- tion-matching persuasive appeals. Journal of Marketing Research, 47, 348–360. Lee, A. Y., & Aaker, J. L. (2004). Bringing the frame into focus: The inﬂuence of regulatory ﬁt on processing ﬂu- ency and persuasion. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 86, 205–218. Lee, A. Y., Aaker, J. L., & Gardner, W. L. (2000). The pleasures and pains of distinct self-construals: The role of interdependence in regulatory focus. Journal of Per- sonality and Social Psychology, 78, 1122–1134. Lee, A. Y., Keller, P. A., & Sternthal, B. (2009). Value from regulatory construal ﬁt: The persuasive impact of ﬁt between consumer goals and message concreteness. Journal of Consumer Research, 36, 735–747. Lennon, S. J., Davis, L. L., & Fairhurst, A. (1988). Evalua- tions of apparel classiﬁcation on attitudes toward appa- rel shopping. Perceptual and Motor Skills, 68, 485–486. Li, C. (2016). When does web-based personalization really work? The distinction between actual personalization and perceived personalization. Computers in Human Behavior, 54, 25–34. Li, C., Kalyanaraman, S., & Du, Y. R. (2011). Moderating effects of collectivism on customized communication: A test with tailored and targeted messages. Asian Journal of Communication, 21, 575–594. Liang, B., Runyan, R. C., & Fu, W. (2011). The effect of culture on the context of ad pictures and ad persuasion: The role of context-dependent and context-independent thinking. International Marketing Review, 28, 412–434. Lockwood, P., Jordan, C. H., & Kunda, Z. (2002). Motiva- tion by positive or negative role models: Regulatory focus determines who will best inspire us. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 83, 854. Loersch, C., Durso, G. R. O., & Petty, R. E. (2013). Vicissi- tudes of desire: A matching mechanism for subliminal persuasion. Social Psychological and Personality Science, 4, 624–631. Loewenstein, G. (1996). Out of control: Visceral inﬂuences on behavior. Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes, 65, 272–292. Lombardi, W. J., Higgins, E. T., & Bargh, J. A. (1987). The role of consciousness in priming effects on categoriza- tion. Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 13, 411– 429. Lu, A. S. (2013). An experimental test of the persuasive effect of source similarity in narrative and nonnarrative health blogs. Journal of Medical Internet Research, 15, e142. Lustria, M. L. A., Noar, S. M., Cortese, J., Van Stee, S. K., Gluekauf, R. L., & Lee, J. (2013). A meta-analysis of web-delivered tailored health behavior change inter- ventions. Journal of Health Communication, 18, 1039– 1069. Luttrell, A., & Petty, R. E. (in press). Evaluations of self- focused versus other-focused arguments for social dis- tancing: An extension of moral matching effects. Social Psychological and Personality Science. Luttrell, A., Petty, R. E., Bri~nol, P., & Wagner, B. C. (2016). Making it moral: Merely labeling an attitude as moral increases its strength. Journal of Experimental Social Psychology, 65, 82–93. Luttrell, A., Phillip-Muller, A., & Petty, R. E. (2019). Chal- lenging moral attitudes with moral messages. Psycho- logical Science, 30, 1136–1150. Luttrell, A., Teeny, J., & Petty, R. E. (in press). Morality matters in the marketplace: The role of moral metacog- nitions in consumer purchasing. Social Cognition. MacDonnell, R., & White, K. (2015). How construals of money versus time impact consumer charitable giving. Journal of Consumer Research, 42, 551–563. Maheswaran, D., & Chaiken, S. (1991). Promoting system- atic processing in low-motivation settings: Effect of incongruent information on processing and judgment. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 61, 13– 25. Maio, G. R., & Esses, V. M. (2001). The need for affect: Individual differences in the motivation to approach or avoid emotions. Journal of Personality, 69, 583–614. Maio, G. R., Haddock, G., & Verplanken, B. (2019). The psychology of attitudes and attitude change (3rd ed.Lon- don: ). SAGE Publications Ltd.. Malaviya, P., & Brendl, C. M. (2014). Do hedonic motives moderate regulatory focus motives? Evidence from the framing of persuasive messages. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 106, 1–19. Mann, T., Sherman, D., & Updegraff, J. (2004). Disposi- tional motivations and message framing: A test of the congruency hypothesis in college students. Health Psy- chology, 23, 330–334. Mannetti, L., Giacomantonio, M., Higgins, E. T., Pierro, A., & Kruglanski, A. W. (2010). Tailoring visual images to ﬁt: Value creation in persuasive messages. European Journal of Social Psychology, 40, 206–215. Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

Markus, H. R., & Kitayama, S. (1991). Culture and the self: Implications for cognition, emotion, and motiva- tion. Psychological Review, 98, 224–253. Martin, P. Y., & Marrington, S. (2005). Morningness- eveningness orientation, optimal time-of-day and atti- tude change: Evidence for the systematic processing of a persuasive communication. Personality and Individual Differences, 39, 367–377. Maslowska, E., Smit, E. G., & van den Putte, B. (2013). Assessing the cross-cultural applicability of tailored advertising: A comparative study between the Nether- lands and Poland. International Journal of Advertising, 32, 487–511. Matz, S. C., Kosinski, M., Nave, G., & Stillwell, D. J. (2017). Psychological targeting as an effective approach to digital mass persuasion. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, 114, 12714–12719. Mayer, N. D., & Tormala, Z. L. (2010). “Think” versus “feel” framing effects in persuasion. Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 36, 443–454. McCaslin, M. J., Petty, R. E., & Wegener, D. T. (2010). Self-enhancement and theory-based correction pro- cesses. Journal of Experimental Social Psychology, 46, 830– 835. McGuire, W. J. (1969). The nature of attitudes and atti- tude change. In G. Lindsay, & G. Aronson (Eds.), Hand- book of social psychology (2nd ed.). Addison-Wesley. Mehrabian, A., & Russell, J. A. (1974). An approach to envi- ronmental psychology, Cambridge, MA: . The MIT Press. Meyers-Levy, J., & Sternthal, B. (1991). Gender differences in the use of message cues and judgments. Journal of Marketing Research, 28, 84–96. Millar, M. G., & Millar, K. U. (1990). Attitude change as a function of attitude type and argument type. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 59(2), 217–228. Monga, A. B., & John, D. R. (2006). Cultural differences in brand extension evaluation: The inﬂuence of analytic versus holistic thinking. Journal of Consumer Research, 33, 529–536. Monga, A. B., & John, D. R. (2010). What makes brands elastic? The inﬂuence of brand concept and styles of thinking on brand extension evaluation. Journal of Mar- keting, 74, 80–92. Moon, Y. (2002). Personalization and personality: Some effects of customizing message style based on con- sumer personality. Journal of Consumer Psychology, 12, 313–325. Morrin, M., & Chebat, J. C. (2005). Person-place congru- ency: The interactive effects of shopper style and atmo- spherics on consumer expenditures. Journal of Service Research, 8, 181–191. Moskowitz, G. B., & Gesundheit, Y. (2009). Goal priming. Guilford Press. Motyka, S., Grewal, D., Puccinelli, C. M., Roggeveen, A. L., Avnet, T., Daaryanto, A., De Ruyter, K., & Wetzels, M. (2013). Do all roads lead to regulatory ﬁt? A meta- analytic synthesis. Journal of Consumer Psychology, 24, 394–410. Nelson, T. E., & Garst, J. (2005). Values-based political messages and persuasion: Relationships among speaker, recipient, and evoked values. Political Psychol- ogy, 26, 489–516. Nisbett, R. E., Peng, K., Choi, I., & Norenzayan, A. (2001). Culture and systems of thought: Holistic versus analytic cognition. Psychological Review, 108, 291. Noar, S. M., Benac, C. N., & Harris, M. S. (2007). Does tailoring matter? Meta-analytic review of tailored print health behavior change interventions. Psychological Bul- letin, 133, 673–693. North, A. C., Hargreaves, D. J., & McKendrick, J. (1999). The inﬂuence of in-store music on wine selections. Jour- nal of Applied Psychology, 84, 271. Olivola, C. Y., Tingley, D., & Todorov, A. (2018). Republi- can voters prefer candidates who have conservative- looking faces: New evidence from exit polls. Political Psychology, 39, 1157–1171. Ottati, V., Rhoads, S., & Graesser, A. C. (1999). The effect of metaphor on processing style in a persuasion task: A motivational resonance model. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 77, 688–697. Oyserman, D. (2009). Identity-based motivation: Implica- tions for action-readiness, procedural-readiness, and consumer behavior. Journal of Consumer Psychology, 19, 250–260. Paek, H., Choi, H., & Nelson, M. R. (2012). Product, per- sonality, or prose? Testing functional matching effects in advertising persuasion. Journal of Current Issues and Research in Advertising, 32, 11–26. Palmgreen, P., Stephenson, M. T., Everett, M. W., Base- heart, J. R., & Francies, R. (2002). Perceived message sen- sation value (PMSV) and the dimensions and validation of a PMSV scale. Health Communication, 14, 403–428. Park, K., Priester, J. R., Petty, R. E., Lee, K., & Wang, Y. (2002). Psychological experience of attitudinal ambiva- lence as a function of manipulated source of conﬂict and individual difference in self-construal. Asia Paciﬁc Advances in Consumer Research, 5, 287–289. Parkins, D. (2017). The world’s most valuable resource is no longer oil, but data. Economist. Retrieved from https://www.economist.com/leaders/2017/05/06/the- worlds-most-valuable-resource-is-no-longer-oil-but-data Payne, K., & Lundberg, K. (2014). The affect misattribu- tion procedure: Ten years of evidence on reliability, validity, and mechanisms. Social and Personality Psychol- ogy Compass, 8, 672–686. Perrachio, L. A., & Meyers-Levy, J. (1997). Evaluating per- suasion-enhancing techniques from a resource-matching perspective. Journal of Consumer Research, 24, 178–191. Petty, R. E., & Bri~nol, P. (2012). The elaboration likelihood model. In P. A. M. Van Lange, A. Kruglanski, & E. T. Higgins (Eds.), Handbook of theories of social psychology (Vol. 1, pp. 224–245). Sage. Petty, R. E., Bri~nol, P., Fabrigar, L. R., & Wegener, D. T. (2019). Attitude structure and change. In R. F. Baumeis- ter, & E. J. Finkel (Eds.), Advanced social psychology (2nd ed., pp. 117–156). Oxford University Press. Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

Petty, R. E., Bri~nol, P., Loersch, C., & McCaslin, M. J. (2009). The need for cognition. In M. R. Leary, & R. H. Hoyle (Eds.), Handbook of individual differences in social behavior (pp. 318–329). Guilford Press. Petty, R. E., Bri~nol, P., & Tormala, Z. L. (2002). Thought conﬁdence as a determinant of persuasion: The self-val- idation hypothesis. Journal of Personality and Social Psy- chology, 82, 722–741. Petty, R. E., Bri~nol, P., Tormala, Z. L., & Wegener, D. T. (2007). The role of metacognition in social judgment. In A. W. Kruglanski, & E. T. Higgins (Eds.), Social psychol- ogy: Handbook of basic principles (2nd ed., pp. 254–284). Guilford. Petty, R. E., & Cacioppo, J. T. (1979). Issue involvement can increase or decrease persuasion by enhancing mes- sage-relevant cognitive responses. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 37, 1915–1926. Petty, R. E., & Cacioppo, J. T. (1986). The elaboration like- lihood model of persuasion. Advances in Experimental Social Psychology, 19, 123–205. Petty, R. E., & Cacioppo, J. T. (1990). Involvement and persuasion: Tradition versus integration. Psychological Bulletin, 107, 367–374. Petty, R. E., Cacioppo, J. T., & Schumann, D. (1983). Cen- tral and peripheral routes to advertising effectiveness. Journal of Consumer Research, 10, 135–146. Petty, R. E., Haugtvedt, C. P., & Smith, S. M. (1995). Elab- oration as a determinant of attitude strength: Creating attitudes that are persistent, resistant, and predictive of behavior. In R. E. Petty, & J. A. Krosnick (Eds.), Atti- tude strength: Antecedents and consequences (pp. 93–130). Erlbaum. Petty, R. E., & Krosnick, J. A. (1995). Attitude strength: Antecedents and consequences, Mahwah, NJ: Erlbaum Associates. Petty, R. E., Schumann, D. W., Richman, S. A., & Strath- man, A. J. (1993). Positive mood and persuasion: Differ- ent roles for affect under high and low elaboration conditions. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 64, 5–20. Petty, R. E., & Wegener, D. T. (1998). Matching versus mismatching attitude functions: Implications for scru- tiny of persuasive messages. Personality and Social Psy- chology Bulletin, 24, 227–240. Petty, R. E., Wells, G. L., & Brock, T. C. (1976). Distraction can enhance or reduce yielding to propa- ganda: Thought disruption versus effort justiﬁca- tion. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 34, 874–884. Petty, R. E., Wheeler, S. C., & Bizer, G. Y. (2000). Attitude functions and persuasion: An elaboration likelihood approach to matched versus mismatched messages. In G. R. Maio, & J. M. Olson (Eds.), Why we evaluate: Func- tions of attitudes (pp. 133–162). Erlbaum. Petty, R. E., & Wegener, D. T. (1993). Flexible correction processes in social judgment: Correcting for context induced contrast. Journal of Experimental Social Psychol- ogy, 29(2), 137–165. Phua, J. (2014). The effects of similarity, parasocial identi- ﬁcation, and source credibility in obesity public service announcements on diet and exercise self-efﬁcacy. Jour- nal of Health Psychology, 21, 699–708. Pierro, A., Mannetti, L., Kruglanski, A. W., Klein, K., & Orehek, E. (2012). Persistence of attitude change and attitude-behavior correspondence based on extensive processing of source information. European Journal of Social Psychology, 42, 103–111. Pierro, A., Mannetti, L., Kruglanski, A. W., & Sleeth- Kepler, D. (2004). Relevance override: On the reduced impact of cues under high motivation conditions. Jour- nal of Personality and Social Psychology, 86, 251–264. Pounders, K., Lee, S., & Mackert, M. (2015). Matching temporal frame, self-view, and message frame valence: Improving persuasiveness in health communications. Journal of Advertising, 44, 388–402. Priester, J. R., & Petty, R. E. (2003). The inﬂuence of spokesperson trustworthiness on message elaboration, attitude strength, and advertising effectiveness. Journal of Consumer Psychology, 13, 408–421. Quick, B. L., Shen, L., & Dillard, J. P. (2013). Reactance theory and persuasion (pp. 167–183). In J. P Dillard & L. Shen (Eds.), The SAGE handbook of persuasion: Devel- opments in theory and practice, Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage Publications. Rathi, R. (2019, January 13). Effect of Cambridge Analytica’s Facebook ads on the 2016 us presidential election. Medium. Retrieved from https://towardsdatascience.com/effect- of-cambridge-analyticas-facebook-ads-on-the-2016-us- presidential-election-dacb5462155d Reed, A. (2004). Activating the self-importance of con- sumer selves: Exploring identity salience effects on judgments. Journal of Consumer Research, 31, 286–295. Reinhart, A. M., Marshall, H. M., Feeley, T. H., & Tutza- uer, F. (2007). The persuasive effects of message fram- ing in organ donation: The mediating role of psychological reactance. Communication Monographs, 74, 229–255. Risen, J. L., & Critcher, C. R. (2011). Visceral ﬁt: While in a visceral state, associated states of the world seem more likely. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 100, 777–793. Rocklage, M. D., & Fazio, R. H. (2020). The enhancing versus backﬁring effects of positive emotion in con- sumer reviews. Journal of Marketing Research, 57, 332– 352. Rosenberg, M. J., & Hovland, C. I. (1960). Cognitive, affective and behavioral components of attitudes. In M. J. Rosenberg, & C. I. Hovland (Eds.), Attitude organiza- tion and change: An analysis of consistency among attitude components. Yale University Press. Rosenberg-Kima, R. B., Plant, A. E., & Doerr, C. E. (2010). The inﬂuence of computer-based model’s race and gen- der on female students’ attitudes and beliefs toward engineering. Journal of Engineering Education, 99, 35–44. Rothman, A. J., Desmarais, K. J., & Lenne, R. L. (2020). Moving from research on message framing to Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

principles of message matching: The use of gain-and loss-framed messages to promote healthy behavior. Advances in Motivation Science, 7, 43–73. Rotter, J. B. (1990). Internal versus external control of reinforcement: A case history of a variable. American Psychologist, 45, 489–493. Rucker, D. D., & Petty, R. E. (2004). Emotion speciﬁcity and consumer behavior: Anger, sadness, and preference for activity. Motivation & Emotion, 28, 3–21. Rucker, D. D., Tormala, Z. L., Petty, R. E., & Bri~nol, P. (2014). Consumer conviction and commitment: An appraisal-based framework for attitude certainty. Jour- nal of Consumer Psychology, 24, 119–136. Rucker, D. D., Petty, R. E., & Priester, J. R. (2007). Under- standing advertising effectiveness from a psychological perspective: The importance of attitudes and attitude strength. G. J. Tellis & T. Ambler (Eds.) The handbook of advertising, (73–88). Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage. Reczek, R. W., Trudel, R., & White, K. (2018). Focusing on the forest or the trees: How abstract versus concrete construal level predicts responses to eco-friendly prod- ucts. Journal of Environmental Psychology, 57, 87–98. Ruiz de Maya, S., & Sicilia, M. (2004). The impact of cog- nitive and/or affective processing styles on consumer response to advertising appeals. Journal of Business Research, 57, 657–664. Russell, J. A. (2009). Emotion, core affect, and psychologi- cal construction. Cognition & Emotion, 23, 1259–1283. Sahni, N. S., Wheeler, S. C., & Chintagunta, P. (2018). Personalization in email marketing: The role of nonin- formative advertising content. Marketing Science, 37, 236–258. Sanbonmatsu, D. M., & Kardes, F. R. (1988). The effects of physiological arousal on information processing and persuasion. Journal of Consumer Research, 15, 379–385. Schemer, C., Matthes, J., & Wirth, W. (2008). Toward improving the validity and reliability of media informa- tion processing measures in surveys. Communication Methods and Measures, 2, 193–225. Schnall, S., Haidt, J., Clore, G. L., & Jordan, A. H. (2008). Disgust as embodied moral judgment. Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 34, 1096–1109. See, Y. H., Petty, R. E., & Evans, L. M. (2009). The impact of perceived message complexity and need for cogni- tion on information processing and attitudes. Journal of Research in Personality, 43, 880–889. See, Y. H., Petty, R. E., & Fabrigar, L. R. (2008). Affective and cognitive meta-bases of attitudes: Unique effects on information interest and persuasion. Journal of Personal- ity and Social Psychology, 94, 938–955. Self, D. R., & Findley, C. S. (2010). Sensation seekers as a healthcare marketing metasegment. Health Marketing Quarterly, 27, 21–47. Semin, G. R., Higgins, E. T., Gil de Montes, L., Estourget, Y., & Valencia, J. F. (2005). Linguistic signatures of reg- ulatory focus: How abstraction ﬁts promotion more than prevention. Journal of Personality and Social Psychol- ogy, 89, 36–45. Shavitt, S. (1990). The role of attitude objects in attitude functions. Journal of Experimental Social Psychology, 26, 124–148. Shavitt, S., Lowery, T. M., & Han, S. (1992). Attitude functions in advertising: The interactive role of prod- ucts and self-monitoring. Journal of Consumer Psychol- ogy, 1, 337–364. Shavitt, S., Swan, S., Lowrey, T. M., & W€anke, M. (1994). The interaction of endorser attractiveness and involve- ment in persuasion depends on the goal that guides message processing. Journal of Consumer Psychology, 3, 137–162. Sherman, D. K., Mann, T., & Updegraff, J. A. (2006). Approach/avoidance motivation, message framing, and health behavior: Understanding the congruency effect. Motivation and Emotion, 30, 164–168. Sherman, D. K., Uskul, A. K., & Updegraff, J. A. (2011). The role of the self in responses to health communications: A cultural perspective. Self and Identity, 10, 284–294. Shoots-Reinhard, B. L., Petty, R. E., DeMarree, K. G., & Rucker, D. D. (2015). Personality certainty and politics: Increasing the predictive utility of individual difference inventories. Political Psychology, 36, 415–430. Simon, D., Snow, C. J., & Read, S. J. (2004). The redux of cognitive consistency theories: Evidence judgments by constraint satisfaction. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 86, 814. Singelis, T. M. (1994). The measurement of independent and interdependent self-construals. Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 20, 580–591. Skitka, L. J., & Bauman, C. W. (2008). Moral conviction and political engagement. Political Psychology, 29, 29–54. Skitka, L. J., & Morgan, G. S. (2014). The social and politi- cal implications of moral conviction. Advances in Politi- cal Psychology, 35, 95–110. Smith, S. M., & Petty, R. E. (1996). Message framing and persuasion: A message processing analysis. Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 22, 257–268. Smith, S. M., & Schaffer, D. R. (1995). Speed of speech and persuasion: Evidence for multiple effects. Personal- ity and Social Psychology Bulletin, 21, 1051–1060. Snyder, M. (1974). Self-monitoring of expressive behavior. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 30, 526–537. Snyder, M., & DeBono, K. G. (1989). Understanding the functions of attitudes: Lessons from personality and social behavior. In A. R. Pratkanis, S. J. Breckler, & A. G. Greenwald (Eds.), Attitude structure and function. Erl- baum. Spassova, G., & Lee, A. Y. (2013). Looking into the future: A match between self-view and temporal distance. Jour- nal of Consumer Research, 40, 159–171. Spivey, W. A., Munson, J. M., & Locander, W. B. (1983). Improving the effectiveness of persuasive communica- tions: Matching message with functional proﬁle. Journal of Business Research, 11, 257–269. Staats, A. W., & Staats, C. K. (1958). Attitudes established by classical conditioning. Journal of Abnormal and Social Psychology, 57, 37–40. Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

Strathman, A., Gleicher, F., Boninger, D. S., & Edwards, C. S. (1994). The consideration of future consequences: Weighing immediate and distant outcomes of behavior. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 66, 742– 752. Strecher, V. J., McClure, J. B., Alesander, G. L., Chakra- borty, B., Nair, V. J., Konkel, J. M, Greene, S. M, Col- lins, L. M, Carlier, C. C, Wiese, C. J, Little, R. J., Pomerleau, C. S., & Pomerleau, O. F. (2008). Web-based smoking-cessation programs: Results of a randomized trial. American Journal of Preventative Medicine, 34(5), 373–381. Summers, C. A., Smith, R. W., & Reczek, R. W. (2016). An audience of one: Behaviorally targeted ads as implied social labels. Journal of Consumer Research, 43, 156–178. Sung, Y., & Choi, S. M., & (2011). Increasing power and preventing pain. Journal of Advertising, 40(1), 71–86. Swann, W. B., & Buhrmester, M. D. (2015). Identity fusion. Current Directions in Psychological Science, 24, 52–57. Snyder, M., & DeBono, K. G. (1985). Appeals to image and claims about quality: Understanding the psychol- ogy of advertising. Journal of Personality and Social Psy- chology, 49(3), 586–597. Talarico, J. M., LaBar, K. S., & Rubin, D. C. (2004). Emo- tional intensity predicts autobiographical memory expe- rience. Memory & Cognition, 32, 1118–1132. Tangari, A. H., & Smith, R. J. (2012). How the temporal framing of energy savings inﬂuences consumer product evaluations and choice. Psychology & Marketing, 29, 198–208. Teeny, J. D., Bri~nol, P, & Petty, R. E. (2016). The elabora- tion likelihood model: Understanding consumer atti- tude change. In C. Jansson-Boyd, & M. Zawisza (Eds.), International handbook of consumer psychology (pp. 390– 410). Cambridge University Press. Teeny, J. D., Deng, X., & Unnava, H. R. (2020). The ‘buzz’ behind the buzz matters: Tense and energetic arousal as separate motivations for word of mouth. Journal of Consumer Psychology, 30, 429–446. Thompson, D. V., & Hamilton, R. W. (2006). The effects of information processing mode on consumers’ responses to comparative advertising. Journal of Con- sumer Research, 32, 530–540. Trope, Y., & Liberman, N. (2010). Construal level theory of psychological distance. Psychological Review, 117, 440–463. Tsalikis, J., DeShields, O. S., & LaTour, M. S. (1992). The role of accent on the credibility and effectiveness of the salesperson. The Journal of Personal Selling and Sales Management, 11, 31–41. Updegraff, J. A., & Rothman, A. J. (2013). Health message framing: Moderators, mediators, and mysteries. Social and Personality Psychology Compass, 7, 668–679. Updegraff, J. A., Sherman, D. K., Luyster, F. S., & Mann, T. (2007). The effects of message quality and congruency on perceptions of tailored health communi- cations. Journal of Experimental Social Psychology, 43, 249–257. Uskul, A. K., & Oyserman, D. (2010). When message- frame ﬁts salient cultural-frame, messages feel more persuasive. Psychology and Health, 25, 321–337. Van Doorn, J., & Hoekstra, J. C. (2013). Customization of online advertising: The role of intrusiveness. Marketing Letters, 24, 339–351. Van Rompay, T. J., Galetska, M., Pruyn, A., & Garcia, J. M. (2008). Human and spatial dimensions of retail den- sity. Revisiting the role of perceived control. Psychology & Marketing, 25, 319–335. Van Rompay, T. J., Tanja-Dijkstra, K., Verhoeven, J. W., & van Es, A. F. (2012). On store design and consumer motivation: Spatial control and arousal in the retail context. Environment and Behavior, 44, 800–820. Voelkel, J. G., & Feinberg, M. (2018). Morally reframed arguments can affect support for political candidates. Social Psychological and Personality Science, 9, 917–924. Wan, E. W., & Rucker, D. D. (2013). Conﬁdence and con- strual framing: When conﬁdence increases versus decreases information processing. Journal of Consumer Research, 39, 977–992. Wan, F., Nan, N., & Smith, M. (2009). Consumers’ opti- mal experience on commercial web sites: A congruency effect of web atmospheric design and consumers’ surﬁng goal. In S. Bandyopadhyay (Ed.), Contemporary research in e-branding (pp. 78–94). Hershey, PA: IGI Global. Webb, M., Simmons, N., & Brandon, T. H. (2005). Tai- lored interventions for motivating smoking cessation: Using placebo tailoring to examine the inﬂuence of expectancies and personalization. Health Psychology, 24, 179–188. Webb Hooper, M., Rodr ıguez de Ybarra, D., & Baker, E. A. (2013). The effect of placebo tailoring on smoking cessation: A randomized controlled trial. Journal of Con- sulting and Clinical Psychology, 81(5), 800–09. https://d oi.org/10.1037/a0032469. Wegener, D. T., & Petty, R. E. (1997). The ﬂexible correc- tion model: The role of naive theories of bias in bias correction. In M. P. Zanna (Ed.), Advances in Experimen- tal Social Psychology (Vol. 29, pp. 141–208). San Diego, CA: ).Academic Press. Wegener, D. T., Petty, R. E., & Klein, D. J. (1994). Effects of mood on high elaboration attitude change: The mediating role of likelihood judgments. European Jour- nal of Social Psychology, 24, 25–43. Wheeler, S. C., DeMarree, K. G., & Petty, R. E. (2008). A match made in the laboratory: Persuasion and matches to primed traits and stereotypes. Journal of Experimental Social Psychology, 44, 1035–1047. Wheeler, S. C., Petty, R. E., & Bizer, G. Y. (2005). Self- schema matching and attitude change: Situational and dispositional determinants of message elaboration. Jour- nal of Consumer Research, 31, 787–797. Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable

Whillans, A. V., Caruso, E. M., & Dunn, E. W. (2017). Both selﬁshness and selﬂessness start with the self: How wealth shapes responses to charitable appeals. Journal of Experimental Social Psychology, 70, 242–250. White, K., & Argo, J. J. (2009). Social identity threat and consumer preferences. Journal of Consumer Psychology, 19, 313–325. White, T. B., Zahay, D., Thorbjørnsen, H., & Shavitt, S. (2008). Getting too personal: Reactance to highly person- alized email solicitations. Marketing Letters, 19, 39–50. Whittler, T. E., & DiMeo, J. (1991). Viewers reactions to racial cues in advertising stimuli. Journal of Advertising Research, 31, 3746. Williams-Piehota, P., Schneider, T. R., Pizarro, J., Mowad, L., & Salovey, P. (2004). Matching health messages to health locus of control beliefs for promoting mammog- raphy utilization. Psychology & Health, 19, 407–423. Wilson, T. D., & Brekke, N. (1994). Mental contamination and mental correction: Unwanted inﬂuences on judgments and evaluations. Psychological Bulletin, 116, 117–142. Wolsko, C., Ariceaga, H., & Seiden, J. (2016). Red, white, and blue enough to be green: Effects of moral framing on climate change attitudes and conservation behav- iors. Journal of Experimental Social Psychology, 65, 7–19. Wood, W., Rhodes, N. D., & Biek, M. (1995). Working knowledge and attitude strength: An information-pro- cessing analysis. In R. Petty, & J. Krosnick (Eds.), Atti- tude strength: Antecedents and consequences (pp. 283–313). Erlbaum. Wu, C., & Shaffer, D. R. (1987). Susceptibility to persua- sive appeals as a function of source credibility and prior experience with the attitude object. Journal of Per- sonality and Social Psychology, 52, 677–688. Xu, J. (2015). Designing messages with high sensation value: When activation meets reactance. Psychology & Health, 30, 423–440. Yan, L., Liu, M. T., Chen, X., & Shi, G. (2016). An arou- sal-based explanation of affect dynamics. European Jour- nal of Marketing, 50, 1159–1184. Yang, X., Ringberg, T., Mao, H., & Peracchio, L. A. (2011). The construal (in)compatibility effect: The mod- erating role of a creative mindset. Journal of Consumer Research, 38, 681–696. Zhang, Y., & Gelb, B. D. (1996). Matching advertising appeals to culture: The inﬂuence of products’ use con- ditions. Journal of Advertising, 25, 29–46. Zhang, Y., & Khare, A. (2009). The impact of accessible identities on the evaluation of global versus local prod- ucts. Journal of Consumer Research, 36, 524–537. Ziegler, R., Diehl, M., & Ruther, A. (2002). Multiple source characteristics and persuasion: Source inconsis- tency as a determinant of message scrutiny. Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 28, 496–508. Ziegler, R., Dobre, B., & Diehl, M. (2007). Does matching versus mismatching message content to attitude func- tions lead to biased processing? The role of message ambiguity. Basic and Applied Social Psychology, 29, 269– 278. Ziegler, R., von Schwichow, A., & Diehl, M. (2005). Matching the message to attitude functions: Implica- tions for biased processing. Journal of Experimental Social Psychology, 41(6), 645–653. Zuckerman, M., Gioioso, C., & Tellini, S. (1988). Control orientation, self-monitoring, and preference for image versus quality approach to advertising. Journal of Research in Personality, 22, 89–100. Zunick, P. V., Teeny, J. D., & Fazio, R. H. (2017). Are some attitudes more self-deﬁning than others? Assess- ing self-related attitude functions and their conse- quences. Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 43, 1136–1149. Downloaded from https://myscp.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jcpy.1198 by The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Wiley Online Library on [15/01/2025]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable